 Excuse me.
 Yeah.
 Is there a problem?
 Well what's the problem?  Let me change it.
 That's out of control.
 I don't understand why this is so complicated for people when they get here.  It's just a simple form.  I just need an ID.
 Clearly.  You know, do you have like a supervisor or something?
 Yeah.  Do you want to see my supervisor?  Huh? Yeah.  Do you want to see my supervisor?  Fine.  I'll be right back.
 Did you get the mail? So you saw my letter?
 Yeah.  I know.
 I don't understand.  You've already done so much, I don't know why do you have to go back.
 I don't know.  I put in that. request too. They didn't...
 I guess, you know, everybody has to make sacrifices.
 There's people that have given more though, you know?
 I know.
 There's babies over there, though, that need mothers.
 I don't know how you can be okay with this?  I don't know why you're not-- you're fine with it.
 Just, you know, kicking myself.
 things just aren't what they seem.
 I just don't see why it has to be you.
 If not me then, who?
 What am I going to do? Huh?
 You'll videotape everything, yeah?
 Yeah.
 Maybe you can send it to me, like stream it, yeah?
 Don't you guys have access to computers over there.
 Last month--  Yeah.
 I just don't know how I'm going to do it without you.
 I have to find sitters.
 I can't raise a baby by myself.  How?
 We've got friends, that's why we moved here, huh?  Because there is a day care down the street.
 I know.
 And your mother is close by.
 I'll send you lots of letters.
 And I want lots and lots and lots of pictures.
 So what's up?  What's new?
 Well Vegas was awesome.
 Yeah.  I heard.
 And, um, I got married.
 Yeah.  In the old town part.
 Who did you marry?
 Um- Yes.  It was very romantic.
 It was at the slot machines.
 Uhuh, uhuh.  He won big and he-and he realized that the only thing that would make it better was me as his bride.
 He turned to you and was like...
 [LAUGHTER] That's really romantic.
 Yeah.  Well.  You know, because he's leaving the next day.
 Yeah.
 But we're going to have a honeymoon cruise.
 Does that mean that you're going to get citizenship, too, in- in England or whatever?
 Oh.  I hadn't even thought about that.
 Yeah.  But he'll have like a long visa.  Can you go visit then for a long time?
 Oh.  Totally.
 I guess I'll-  I guess I'll have an internet husband.[LAUGHTER]
 Like you need another one of those.[LAUGHTER]
 Is that your phone?
 Yeah, so [LAUGHTER] He's calling me now
 He loves you.
 He likes to keep tabs, you know.
 How much did he win at the slot?
 Uh, I think seven hundred and fifty dollars.
 Penny slots. That's what he plays.
 Yeah.
 I'm a big fan of the Wheel of Fortune quarters. But it just costs so much.  I don't know.
 Yeah.  We played Wheel of Fortune pennies.  It's like a giant thing with like-
 But the pennies always get you because you end up spending like, you know, fifty bucks.
 Fifty bucks. Mmhmm.
 like, wait, but it's just pennies.  You're like, wait a minute I'm on to you.
 Yeah.
 Well so now we're married. We have cat children.
 Awesome.
 [LAUGHTER] Cat babies.
 We renamed Brenda, Lumber Janet.
 That's fair enough.
 She needs a new name each state that we go into. [LAUGHTER]
 Have you tried, uh, Craig's List?
 Uh, what?  Craig's List?  Oh the internet thing?
 Yeah.
 I don't know.  Isn't that-- that's all like escort services and things like that.
 No.  There's regular jobs on there.
 Uh huh.
 I'm just saying I have a friend that got a good job on it so I was just recommending it.
 He's like a manager for a theatre.
 He's like a house manager. Yeah.  It's a good job.
 He just...
 you know what?  I heard about that job.  I applied for that.
 You did?
 Yeah.
 You've been looking for a job for a long time; that was a long time ago.  Right?
 Yeah.
 Hmm.
 I don't know.  He had a really good resume I guess and--
 Yeah.  Do you have a resume?
 It's kind of helpful when getting a job.
 I just- I mean I call people up and I tell them what I'm good at.
 Well maybe we should sit down some time and you can just tell me all the stuff that you have done and I'll write it out.
 Yeah.
 No.  You can- or you can just bring it in person.  But they need, generally, something to see, you know, what kind of what that you've done, what kind of--
 Yeah.  But the piece of paper helps, too.
 No.  But it has an outline, you know.
 I know.  Okay.  Well, um. Maybe--
 Yeah.
 Okay, yeah.  I would imagine.
 Well, sometimes you have to do things that you don't necessarily like to do to have a job. But the job affords you money, you won't have to be taking the bus right now.
 maybe get a car.
 I just, you know, think you should try a little harder maybe.
 I didn't say that.
 I am riding the bus, but by choice.
 To save the environment, carpool.
 Yes.  One less car at a time.
 Mmhmm.
 I'm not frustrated.
 Who do you think you are?
 I don't think I'm anyone.
 You are so high and mighty.  I just--
 I- I-I didn't-- okay.
 Oh.  I'm saving the environment. I'm riding this car because I- I want to.
 The bus, I'm riding the bus because I want to.
 I can not-- you are not here by choice.  Nobody would ride this bus by choice.
 Hi.  Thanks for waiting.
 Can I help you?
 Uh huh.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.  Great.  I'm really sorry that you had to do that.  What's your last name?  Let's start there.
 Okay.
 all right- okay.  And you lost your bag? Is that- that the issue?
 Flight seven fourteen.
 Uh-huh.
 Am I going to be getting, like, free tickets, free mileage. When can I expect my bag here?
 Yeah. Yeah, I don't see- I don't see any--
 I don't see any record of it, and I-usually when I don't see a record of it, that means um-
 we've mistakenly lost your baggage.  We're very sorry.  On behalf of Jet Blue I would like to apologize for any inconvenience.  I am allowed to issue you a fifty dollar gift card which you can use any future flights you want to take with us.  I'm very sorry, once again...
 for such an inconvenience and your bag, but
 Is this a joke?
 Yeah.
 No, no.
 Are there candid cameras?  Is this that movie? There's that show, right?  Airplane, airline.
 No, no.  This is real.
 No.  I'm just giving you money, the bag is gone.  If it's not here, I'm really sorry there is nothing I can do because...
 this is the only track record that we have and if it's not listed here then it's probably not anywhere.
 You're kidding me, this is a joke.
 Do you have any idea-- fifty dollars?  That's supposed to replace everything that I have?  Do you understand how much I have packed in there? Not only does it have sentimental value; it can't be replaced like that.  It was incredibly expensive.
 Yes.
 I know.
 We flew in from Paris.  I've been shopping for three weeks.
 I don't care what you're freaking sign says.  Somebody- Somebody needs to replace everything I've got there and give me money for my inconvenience.
 Okay. Calm-
 Actually, we are not necessarily liable to give you- to even give you this fifty dollars so... it's actually- it's actually really
 Do you understand who my husband is?
 If you're- if you're- if you're looking for a lawsuit, baby, you've found it.
 We are actually not even allowed--  you know, like we don't have to give you this fifty dollars.  We don't have to do that.
 Oh-Oh.  It's a gift.  You're-You're helping me out here?
 It's a gift.
 You know, the airlines can not be held responsible for every bag of luggage that comes through here.
 You are cruising for a bruising.  You are in so much trouble.
 With the amount of--
 Who's in charge?  Who is the president of Jet Blue?
 Um, actually, I don't know. I don't know. Oh really?
 Because I probably know him.
 Yeah.
 Well then maybe you can just call him and he can give you more money.  But right now all I can do--
 I don't want money, I want my clothes.
 Right now all I can do is just give you this fifty dollars, I'm really sorry.
 What's your name?
 Oh.  My name is Sean. Hi.
 Okay.  I'll do that.
 I don't think you have done everything you could do because I don't have my bag here yet.
 If you want, you can write a letter.  I can give you the address. Yes.  An angry--
 A letter? I'll make a personal phone call.
 Or you can make a phone call.  But I think a letter might be a little more-- in my impression, letters have more...
 I'm sorry, Joy.
 Is there anything I can get you?  Do you want me to take care of anything for you or...?
 ...pick up anything?
 No.
 You know you are welcome to stay at my house if you want to just check out for a couple days and hang out.
 That's sweet.
 Thank you.
 I went to see her headstone a week or two ago.
 I used to go to cemeteries a lot before she died.  I just, you know, I felt like they were urban oasis, you know, there is always this green in the city.
 Hmm.
 So I was like wandering around before.  It takes forever to find her headstone; I always lose it. You know.
 So I was looking at this other one and there was like a piece of candy there and I thought that I would take the candy and put it on her headstone.  And-
 this woman came up and, you know, it was hers. It was her person that was there.
 Oh.  She was there?
 Yeah.  And she was like, that's pathetic, I hope you enjoy it.
 And I, you know, I mean, I said I was sorry and I brought it back to her kind of and I like put it on the ground and she was like, no, it's fine.  She was like, I would rather have her back, honestly.
 Mmhmm.
 I don't know.  It just, like, I felt so bad because I shouldn't have done it.  I don't know.  Whatever.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 How long were you there for?
 At the cemetery?
 Mmhmm.
 couple hours.
 I brought- I brought Chuck with me. He went to Redlands, yeah, for the day.  We ran through the sprinklers.
 Oh really?
 You ran through the sprinklers in the cemetery?
 Is it a big cemetery?
 Yeah.  It's huge.  Redlands is an old city so they have lots and lots of stones.
 Oh, so they're like really old too, really old ones?
 Yeah.
 It's weird.  Whenever I go back to town, I think of her.  I mean, it's like ... I mean we grew up together and she died when we were twenty one.  And yeah.  She had cancer, she had two brain tumors.
 My best friend Heather.  She's got a- we have a- we built this like little--  There's a park, Prospect Park.  And there is like a garden section of it that we set up for her.
 She used to have these poetry parties on Memorial Day.
 Mmhmm.
 Umm. Yeah.
 And the last time before she died, I remember she couldn't really stand, umm...
 But I mean she could, but it was- so it was kind of sitting at her feet holding her up and she had these poems she had memorized.  And I remember looking up, she had curly red hair and there was this palm tree right behind her and it was like a crown growing right out of her head.  It was cool.
 Mmhmm.
 Some, I guess.  She memorized this one, John Dunn, it's called, Death Be Not Proud. and-
 So she wrote a lot of poetry?
 There's another one, I can't remember.
 I remember, too, when we were--  she died at U.C.L.A.  She had brain surgery and there was not much hope to begin with, but I gave blood for her surgery, her mom and I before, so we dropped her off in the waiting room and then we were giving blood and came back.  And she, in her wheelchair, like can hardly do anything, reciting her poetry for these people like in the waiting room.  All she needs is a God damn audience.  You know?
 Did you get the letter?
 Yes.  There's a big envelope it says, you're in. I know.
 Yeah. That is so awesome.
 Oh my God. What are you going to do? [LAUGHTER]
 Oh-Yeah, I bet you're really excited. Oh.  That's what loans are for?  Right? Exactly.
 I'm really excited.  Yeah. I don't know how I'm going to pay for anything, but... I also- Yeah.  Loans, too, yeah. I applied, though, for a bunch of grants and scholarships so I'm still waiting to hear on that.
 Oh.  Good, good.  That's awesome. Are you going to stay around here?  Or are you going to like get a different neighborhood- you going to move to a different neighborhood?
 Oh- I know, I know, I know, I know.
 I don't know.  I spend so much time commuting as it is, I'd rather.
 This is so- I am so happy that you're going to stay.  You're not going to...We should totally throw a party.
 I know. We should throw a party.
 A rapper party ho. Yeah. Okay.
 I am just- Yeah.  I'm sticking around, I'm just doing my thing.  I'm living here.  I'm so glad you're going to stay, I'm so glad you're going to be here. Yeah. Woo.
 Yeah.  Big time.
 Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Yay. So what major?  What are you doing?
 Yeah.  I'm not sure.
 Is this a Masters or a P.h.D.?  Or can you...? Nice
 Umm...P.h.D. [LAUGHTER]
 That's good.  Don't you have to like teach a class, too, when you do that?
 Teacher. Mrs. Nash, I have a question.
 So I get to mold young minds. Mrs.?  That's my mother.
 You have to get married.  Well you are married to Chuck.  You're Mrs. Nash.  Not to be confused with Mrs. Dash which is the popular seasoning.
 I would be like- Oh. Right, right, right.
 Yay...School's fun.
 Of course, right.  That's where the real money is, being a student.
 That's how you get the big bucks.  Are you messing with the chair? Don't ruin it.
 I know. I made such a mess of it, the entire time.  The last three things I've done, I've ruined everything, I think. Mm-hmm.  Yeah.
 He saw it.
 He was out here when it broke.
 Four o clock this morning.  I heard a crack and I woke up and looked out.  He was standing right over there when it cracked.
 I don't know.
 He's dreaming of him again, walking around.
 I guess he is.
 You know Larry is not coming back and I know it.  Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?
 We've got to say it to him.
 Sit down, Mom.  I want to talk to you.
 You know.
 Well I got an idea, but what's your story?
 I'm going to ask her to marry me.
 You know it's not just my business.
 So all right then, I'll just go ahead with it?
 You know sometimes you infuriate me.  you know that?  Isn't it your business if I tell father and he throws a fit about it?  God, you have such a talent for ignoring things.
 I wanted to get this settled first.
 Well if she does, then that's it.  That's the end of it.  From her letters, though, I think she's pretty much forgotten him.
 And then we'll thrash it out with father.  Okay Mom?  Don't avoid me.
 Just give it some more thought.
 What the hell is this?
 I'll get out.  I'll get married and I'll move somewhere else, maybe New York.
 You have a business here.  What the hell is this?
 Oh.  Must you be inspired?
 On this, I would.
 Then help me stay here.
 All right.  But you don't want to think like that because what the hell are we working for, Chris?  It's all for you.  This whole shooting match is for you.
 Just don't think like that.
 Well maybe...maybe he just wanted to see her.
 He's not going to marry her.
 How do you know he's even thinking about it?
 It's got that about it.
 What is going on here, Joe?
 She is not his girl.  She knows she's not.
 Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men, why is she still single?  Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she waited.
 How do you know why she waited?
 Because she knows what I know, that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.  In my darkest moments, I think of her waiting and I know that I'm right.
 Nobody in this house dares take away her faith, Joe.  You know strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.
 I want you to-- I want you to act like he is coming back, both of you.  Don't think I haven't noticed you since Chris invited her here.
 I won't stand for any nonsense.
 Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.  Oh laugh, laugh all you like but why does this happen the very night he comes back.  She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look at it, Joe, look.
 Just believe with me, Joe. Only last week a man came back in Detroit missing longer than Larry.  Believe with me. You, above all, have got to believe. Just believe.
 What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
 You're the only one who still loves his parents.
 I know.  It kind of went out of style, didn't it?
 It's not so bad; it's a good thing.
 [BREATHING] You know, it's lovely here.  The air is sweet.
 You're not sorry you came.
 I'm not sorry, no. But I'm...I can't stay.
 For one thing, your mother much as told me to go.
 Well.
 And then, you.  You've been kind of...
 What?
 Sort of embarrassed ever since I got here.
 Well I was kind of planning of sneaking up on you over the course of a week or so.  They just take it for granted that we're all set.
 I knew they would.
 Well sure, from your mother's point of view.  Why else would I come?
 I, umm. I guess, I guess that's kind of why I came.
 [BREATHING]
 I love you. Annie, I love you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't really have any imagination, that's all I know how to say.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Am I embarrassing you? Are you - See, I didn't want to do it here with this yard, on this porch.  I wanted it to be somewhere new, some place fresh for both of us.
 No. No
 Chris, I've been ready a long, long, time.
 I almost got married two years ago.
 You started to write me.
 Every day since.
 Why didn't you let me know?
 Give me a...
 Give me a kiss.
 beating around the bush.
 I will never forgive you.  All I'd done was sit around wondering if I was crazy waiting so long, wondering if you were thinking about me.
 Oh Annie, we are going to live now.  I am going to make you so happy.
 Not like that you're not.
 I kissed you.
 Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.
 Hey, let's drive some place.  Huh?  Let's get out of here.
 No it's nothing like that. It's-
 Yeah.  I suppose I have been. But it's going from me.
 I don't even know how to start.
 It's just all mixed up with so many other things, you know?  You know overseas I was in command of a company?
 Yeah, sure.
 Well I lost them.
 How many?
 Pretty much all.
 Aw, geez.
 You can't just toss off a thing like that because they weren't just men. You know?
 Like for instance, there was this one time it had been raining for several days and this kid he just came up to me and he gave me his last pair of dry socks.  He just put them in my pocket.  That's a little thing, you know, but that's what kind of guys I had.
 They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other.  I mean that, exactly.  Just a little more selfish and they would all be here today.
 Mmhmm.
 To bring that on to the earth again, you know, is like some kind of monument and I thought I would just make a difference to them.
 But then I came home and it was incredible, you know?  The whole thing was just kind of this random bus accident.  You know, I went back to the rat race again, I went to work.
 And I didn't want any of it. I guess that included you.
 I just want you to know Annie.
 What would I do with a fortune?
 Fine.
 Okay.  Is that, is that--
 The flashlight, the silver one.  There's only one, isn't there?
 That's not your flashlight.
 Whose is it?
 Oh...well. Yeah, of course.
 You keep saying my flashlight like it's just yours.
 No.
 How's that supposed to make me feel?
 Of course, our flashlight.  What's yours is mine.  Me flashlight es su flashlight.
 Do they always run during a full moon?  I don't remember.  Was it full last year?
 Yeah.
 Huh.  Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  No?  you know, we should have brought the blanket?  Our blanket.
 Aw.  Do you know, I should have brought a six pack, too.  A six pack, that would be just the ticket right about now.  Huh?
 God, I'm so excited, I'm like a kid.  I can't believe I got out of the house with my fly zipped up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm cold.
 Right.
 Wait, that's my point, too.
 Not particularly.
 Why not?
 Honey, this is like a natural phenomenon. I mean... People in Kansas would have to get plane reservations and get hotel rooms to see this.  It's just forty minutes away for us; it's too good to pass up.
 Yeah.  But this..this moment on the beach is like the highlight of their little lives.  All that flopping around is laying eggs or what to do - spawning or mating or whatever.
 This is a big night for these little guys.  It's like life's last orgy.
 There's like mystery here, there's magic.  It's like a little bit of the unexplainable.  I just can't see how you're not interested.
 God, I don't get it.  you know the first time we came here, you said it was the best night of your life?
 And last year, I remember distinctly you said, you were so excited to get here that you don't remember you stubbed your toe until we were in the car.
 Ahh...we weren't in a good spot.
 We just weren't in a good spot.  I'm telling you, this is a much better spot.  I have instincts for these things.
 Look there, see?  What's that?  No, that's - that's just seaweed.
 God, this is great.  Think about this.  I know you are not interested, but just think about this.
 Just all at once, they turned and they formed this line as long as the California coast.  And some instinctual little firecracker went off in their bodies and they all just turned as one and started swimming.
 It's single mindedness with no mind.  It is urgency that is just pure urge.
 That's the wind.
 So what do you think?
 About what?
 About all of that, about all I was talking about.
 Look at this, all of the hairs are standing up on my arm.
 That's the wind.
 Well, so, what do you think?
 About what?
 About what I was saying.
 Carla, can I ask you something?  Now, don't take this the wrong way, but are you on your period?
 Don't ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that, you always ask me that.  It's insulting.
 For God- Grow up, Augie.  The fish are not going to arrive.
 Because they never do.  Have they...Have they ever?
 Twice is every time we have tried; that's ever.
 I feel like I'm always just standing here waiting.  I feel like this night is going to be the night, but it never is.
 For God's sake, this is not about fish.
 Okay.  So you were fine during that phone call from Marge and then dinner was okay.  And doing the dishes was fine and then I was going to take a shower and you're watching the news and you said the grunions are running tonight, do you want to go?  And I said, sure great, let's go.
 Okay.  So I am putting out the pets, getting the car out of the garage.
 Do you remember the first year we came here?  It was like four years after we got married.
 You whispered the sweetest, most intimate things to me right into my ear so I could feel them as much as hear them.  And I remember thinking, this is it.  You know, finally, I am as happy as I'm supposed to be.
 It's when we were driving past that Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, let's get some champagne.  I said no, time's a wasting or something like that.
 I'd rather not remember some things.  I'd rather not hope for some things.
 Sure.  All right.  Okay.
 Listen, do you want to dance?
 No.
 Do you want me to go get some champagne?
 Do you want to take off your shoes?
 Do you want to get married again?
 No.
 Yes it is.
 I know you are Augie, I know.
 I know you meant this to be special, I know that you wanted it to be right, but I just can't help thinking that, I can't help wishing that I was somewhere else.
 Maybe if you were with someone else, too.
 I didn't say that.
 I just- I know I don't make you happy.
 You're the one who probably wishes he was with somebody else.  Somebody who doesn't take things so seriously, who could enjoy herself.
 You know, actually now that you mention it, no I don't.
 So maybe we are in the wrong spot, but we are with the right person.
 We have a great view of the moon from here, though, huh?
 Hmm.  I noticed that, it's pretty. Big old white moon.
 [BREATHING]
 And look what I got here.
 Augie, you bought refreshments.
 I guess we don't need glasses.
 [BREATHING]
 Do you want to go home?  Are you cold?
 I'm beginning to think this might be the right spot after all.
 Augie, I'm sorry.
 Shh.  If we're very quiet, the fish might come.
 Or not.
 Or not.
 I don't care then.
 No.  Wrong number. [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER] That sent shivers up my spine.
 What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us.[LAUGHTER]
 We'll behave exquisitely.
 With perfect poise.
 I think I shall do a curtsy.
 It's strange; things that ought to matter dreadfully, they just don't matter at all when one's happy.  Do they?
 Yes.  Meaning just that.
 Well what does it all mean?  That's what I ask myself in my quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God, what does it all mean?
 Don't laugh at me.  I'm being serious.
 Who's they?
 Who knows?
 Yes.  Yes with all of his might.
 Let's be superficial, and just pity those poor philosophers, huh?  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party for as long as we can, you know, like small, idiotic school children.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh Come and kiss me darling before your body rots and worms pop out of your eye sockets.
 Oh Elliott, worms don't pop.
 Oh See, I don't care what you do, see.  You can paint yourself green and run naked through the Place Vendome and run off with all of the men of the world.  I shan't say a word, just as long as you love me best.
 Aw.  Thank you, darling.  The same applies to you too, except that if you so much as look at another woman I'll kill you.
 Oh Charles, that was his name.  He did wiggle so beautifully.
 That was a rouser, wasn't it?
 The manager came in, he found us rolling about the floor, biting and scratching like panthers. [LAUGHTER]  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
 [LAUGHTER] I'll never forget his face. [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER] We were very much younger then.
 [LAUGHTER] And very much sillier.
 And very much sillier.
 However I believe the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 Oh.  You knew there was nothing in that.
 I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.
 Presents?  It was only a trivial, little brooch.
 You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
 I did not.  You worked that whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
 Well, what of it?
 What about me?
 I'll have a little, I think.
 No particular reason.  Anyhow, they are very small ones.
 Don't be stupid.
 Really, Amanda.
 What?
 you going out somewhere, dear?
 No.  I am just making myself fascinating for you.
 Oh.  It's a woman's duty to allure the man.
 Well as a matter of fact, yes, that's perfectly true.
 No it isn't.
 Yes it is.
 You shut up.
 Oh really.  It's a pity you didn't have any brandy, it would have made you a little less disagreeable.
 Snap, snap, snap.  You know you are like a little adder.
 Nonsense.  They have a bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap. They snap.
 They sting. I don't care.  Do you understand?  I don't care if they bark and they roll about like hoops.
 Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
 Yes I did, quite a lot.
 And I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more than, too. Yes.  I suppose you guys had a riotous time, huh?  All out, no restraint at all.  Well, you never really had much anyhow.
 Mind your own business.
 You're quite insufferable, I expect it's because you are drunk.
 I think I am not in the least bit drunk.
 You've always had a weak head.
 I think I mentioned once before that I've had three minute liquor glasses the whole evening long.  A child of two cannot get drunk on that.
 On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
 That's very interesting Amanda. How about a child of four?  Or a child of six?  Or a child of nine? We can get a good little conversation going on about this, you know, intemperate tots.
 Oh shut up.
 Shut up.
 Not very funny, darling.  Why don't you have some more brandy.
 Look, you better turn that off. I don't want to wake up the people upstairs.
 Why?
 There are no people upstairs; it's a photographer's studio.
 Well then you'll wake up the people downstairs.
 They are away in Tunis.
 This is no time of year for Tunis.
 I will do no such thing.
 Fine if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
 Will you turn that off, it's driving me mad.
 You are far too temperamental, try to control yourself.
 Turn it off.
 I won't.  Let go, let go of me. Listen, listen?  I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.
 Amanda, listen, listen.
 Oh.  That's very amusing indeed.
 Oh shut up.  Let go.  I hate you, I hate you.  Do you hear?  You are a conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
 You are a vile, ill-tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I never want to see you again as long as I live.
 This is the end.  Do you hear me?  Finally and forever.
 You're not going like this.
 Oh.  Yes I am.
 You're not.
 Yes I am.   Stop it. Stop it.  Let go of me. Oh.  You're a cruel fiend.  I loathe and I hate you. Marry you again?  Never, never, never. I hope you die in torment, you brute beast cad.
 Shut up. Shut up. God, I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling back to me on a bended knee.  You are a vile, ill-tempered, mean little wench and I never want to see you again as long as I live.
 Next.
 My window is open.
 Yes, Jones.
 No, I need your ID to give you a second ID.
 It's really simple if you have a problem with it... Maybe you should--
 No, I don't have a passport.
 What do you expect me to do?
 Probably.
 Did you even look at the form?  I filled it out all these questions--
 Don't raise your voice with me.
 Don't talk to me like I'm a child.
 Do you know how long I've been working here? How long have you lived in California?
 Maybe you never been to the D.M.V. before, maybe you should get back in line.  You know what?  sit in line again and if you get my number ask for different one.
 I am not...I'm not getting to back that line.
 Uh huh.  I didn't come here get in yelling match either.
 They don't pay me enough to deal people like you.
 Why?
 Why, because I'm sick of talking to you.
 'Cause you're obviously not talking to me, you're just yelling at me, berating me and telling me I can't fill out forms right.
 Hey, Joy come in here.
 What's happening?
 I have to go back.
 I just got a letter I have to go back.
 First thing tomorrow morning.
 The National Guard is I guess really spread thin and then everyone has to go.  We all have to go back, my whole companies going back.
 So yeah, we leave tomorrow...
 ...we're all shipping out.
 I just got I feel like I'm in shock actually.
 I don't even know what to tell you.
 I don't know.
 What about the birthday party?
 I guess you're just going to have to have it without me.
 Hey listen, it's going to be okay though, all right?
 You're going to be fine.
 I'm going to be fine too, okay?
 I know I have a good... I have a really good group of guys with me.
 We're going to be okay.
 You're going with the same ones?
 Do promise me you're going to take a lot of pictures.
 I know.
 It's not the same though.
 I just wish there was something I could do.
 Run away?
 Mm hmm.  We'll build a bunker and never come out.
 I really don't want to go, I don't want to go...
 Don't say that.
 I love you.
 The craziest thing just happened to me.
 This girl; she just offered me fifty thousand dollars to marry her.
 Why?
 Well, she's not a citizen so she wants to get a visa.
 Is she on the run?
 No, no, no, no, no, no she just... she's not a citizen but she wants her visa, yeah. She's going to pay me fifty thousand dollars to marry her and stay married to her for two years.
 Oh, she just needs to marry you.
 That's incredible. That's awesome. Where's she from?  Maybe you can get a dual citizenship.
 That's like twenty five thousand dollar a year for doing nothing. Isn't that awesome?
 She's actually from England, I think.  Well she- she spoke English but she had an accent. I didn't even ask.
 That's so cool. Uh huh.
 [LAUGHTER] Why did she pick you? Where were you?
 Fifty thousand dollars. Fifty thousand dollars. I was just out... I just... she's - well, she's a friend of friend but like...
 You were at a party? And she's like hey. You seem unattached she's like.
 Yeah.  Can you believe that? Yeah, she's like hey, I'm like sure I'll do it, I don't care. Yeah. I'm like fifty thousand dollars, I'd totally do it for fifty thousand dollars. But the only thing is that's kind of like illegal. So like I could go to jail probably for a long if I get caught, but...
 That's unbelievable... Yeah.
 Well I've known people who have done this before. Yeah.  You just- it's really fun actually 'cause you have like a fake engagement party and all your friends come over and like...
 It's like I'm really going to get married. We'll have like the whole thing.
 Oh, good. [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah. Yeah. And then yeah, and then you know like you could like you could do like like sock her for a lot of money
 I know. What do you think I should-
 Like make her rent the apartment that you two have to live together in, you know. And you won't pay any rent or you pay like, a hundred bucks a month or something.
 Oh good idea.
 Yeah.  Make her like open the bank account and stuff too.
 Yeah.
 It's a good idea.
 Dude, you lucked out.
 I know.  Also I get to like plan the wedding now too. That will be fun.
 Yeah.  My colors are blush and beige what is it, do you know?
 Something blue, something new, something... no I don't know. [LAUGHTER] So yeah, wonder if she's going to pay me up front but do you think it's bad though, do you think they're going to like track the money or something?
 Oh I don't know. [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know get it in cash.
 Just cash hardcore.
 Yeah.
 What should we do?  Where should we get married? We should have party.
 How exciting. You should have a wedding on the beach.
 Yeah, like a big like- A wedding on the beach, that would be nice.
 Yeah, at night.
 And then we can honeymoon.  I want to go tropical though like Bahamas- --or like Tahiti or something. I just want to like beach and like drink.
 Oh yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
 How exciting.  You should make her bring all your friends too.
 I'll make her pay for that.  I hear she's like totally wealthy. She's like royalty- --or something like and- --whatever like removed or something but yeah.
 [GARBAGE] She's got to be loaded.  fifty thousand dollars.  That's incredible.
 Incredible.
 I'm going to marry a blue blood. [LAUGHTER]
 you're a lucky, lucky, lucky man.
 Will you help me plan?
 Oh, totally. Yeah.
 You seem kind of down.
 What do you mean?
 There's a lot of people looking for jobs.
 I don't know, I mean, I just don't think...
 Did you ever think it might be your attitude that's...
 I don't know just sometimes you get kind of... No, I'm not saying that.  I just--
 ...has anyone ever just said anything like that to you before?
 Right, sure.
 But I mean you kind of got to, you got to fake it 'til you feel it, right?
 I'm just saying that if I was looking to hire somebody in the--or kind of... No. No. No.
 No.  I'm just saying though that if I was a person who was hiring somebody I-- --would not hire someone who was angry or upset.
 No.
 What?
 Well, you know a little.  If you were to listen to--
 I just don't want you to fly off the handle.
 You kind of have a short fuse.
 Yeah.
 Okay. Okay no, no, no, no okay no, I need to hear this more. Come on, bring it.
 Like this, right now we're trying have a conversation.
 We're trying to have a conversation and you seem extremely hostile. You keep cutting me off.
 I can't finish the sentence with you without you jumping in...
 ...and you're always right.
 You have an excuse for everything.
 I'm just saying that maybe you should take in some information before you produce more of your own.
 I'm like a sponge I'm like soaked up with all this information for like three years I'm just dying for a job to like put it in to.
 [BREATHING]
 Well, what kind of field are you looking to go into?
 That's it.
 Can I help you?
 I need a little more information.
 What- What flight did you come in on?
 Georgia?
 There's no need for you to raise your voice, sir.
 I've been college educated.
 I speak your language.
 Are you insinuating that I don't have a college education and that- for some reason that makes you a better person than I am?
 Listen, shut your smug mouth, okay?  I don't need that.
 I'm just saying you don't need to talk to me like I-
 I've been sitting here for four hours.
 You people have just been tossing me around like a used hanky.
 You work here.
 Details, Details.  Well, anyhow can I--
 so you flew in from Atlanta...
 Four...Four hours ago.
 Do you have any i-?
 I wouldn't let you?   I was not in Atlanta. I was not in Atlanta.
 I had nothing to do with the boarding attendance.  I'm sorry that your seat was wherever it was.
 I have some unfortunate news, uh, that your bag isn't going to be--
 --arriving any time soon.
 I'm really sorry to tell you this but...
 Okay.
 It's not.  I can offer you fifty dollars and a reimbursement gift cards for our airline...
 ...and your future...
 No.
 Yes.
 We've actually...
 They do as matter of fact.  We don't like to publicize it because
 people wouldn't Fly our airline.
 Probably people that work for your company huh?
 Do you know what was in that little bag that I could have just easily put in overhead compartment but no I had to check?
 What was that?
 My computer which has all of my data which I'm collecting right now.
 That's unfortunate.
 Yeah it's really unfortunate you know why because I'm going to get fired if I don't get that.  So I need to have that back.
 That's too bad.
 Fifty dollars is not going to cover me for my job, okay?
 I wish I could give it to you.
 Well you need to find it. Can I just go back there and look through the bags?  Can I just go back there and just go through maybe I'll find it.
 I wish I-
 That's not - no.
 No.
 It'll be a lot more than what you're doing sitting here and just give me lip service.  I'd like to go back at least do some aggressive searching for my stuff.
 We have plenty of aggressive searching going on it's not there.  Someone's taken it.
 Sure, yeah right you have plenty of aggressive searching going on, aggressive searching, drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes.
 I know what you guys do when you're not working you're union people; you just sit around on your ass.
 Thank you very much.
 You okay?
 Yeah, I'm just-- yeah
 Just kind of feel numb, you know.
 What's happened?
 You didn't even hear?
 [BREATHING] Umm.
 God I've told this story so many times. Umm.
 You don't have to if you don't want to.
 I just...I just basically lost someone that was really close to me.
 And I've kind of been dealing with all of the...the stuff, you know the hospital and people work because...
 I'm sorry to hear that.
 He kind of didn't have anyone to take care of that for him, so--
 You've been taking care of it all?
 Oh Jesus.
 It's just really...really messed up.
 He sick for awhile?
 No.
 Just like it.
 Was it an accident?
 No, I mean it just came on really quick, you know I mean it was a [GARBAGE] it was a sickness but it just --
 how was sick?
 What?
 Well, I'm confused.  He was sick or it was an accident?
 He was sick. He got sick. He got sick but it happened really, really fast, you know.
 Oh. Really fast? Oh.
 It was kind of like boom... done
 Yeah.
 It's just really weird because he was really young you know and it kind of like...
 Yeah.
 --it just kind of freaks you out.
 Totally, yeah.
 So weird you know that like one days it's like you know sounds so stupid but like one day someone's here. And like next day you know they're not here and it just kind of makes you like think about like life and mortality and like that kind of stuff.  You just like used to take for granted--you know.
 Mmhmm.
 Lock
 Mmhmm.
 The plans you make [GARBAGE].
 Exactly, you know, and like he had so many plans and he was going to do...
 It leaves a hole for you too.
 so many things, you know?
 It leaves a hole for you too, in your plans together.
 What?
 Yeah.
 It gets better.
 He was a really, really good guy.
 Mmhmm.
 A lot of people loved him.
 MMhmm.
 You know, it's like affecting a lot of people it's not just me, you know?
 Mmhmm.
 How long did you know each other?
 Umm...
 For like eight years.
 That's a long time.
 Yeah.
 It's good that you were there.
 Yeah, I'm glad I was there. Glad I- glad I got to be there.
 So weird,
 Yeah.
 like I can't...it's like you know it's like "pinch me" it's like I can't believe like I'm dealing with this, you know.
 Are there things you wish you'd done differently?
 Check this out.  You know how I've told you I've been really into like softball recently?
 Yeah.
 Well, this is totally random, I got this full ride scholarship to go to U.S.C next year to play softball.
 [LAUGHTER]. For softball? That's unbelievable. Is it slow pitch?
 For softball.  They're going to pay me to go to school. Isn't that awesome?
 Yeah.  Well, I don't--well yeah I can pitch, I'm not like the pitcher though. I'm like the pinch hitter guy I mostly just hit.  But I guess I'm going to have to... Yeah, and then I play shortstop too but... It's so ex- The good news is I get to stay here.
 Pinch hitting softball.
 That is incredible.
 That's amazing. They pay for everything?
 I know. For softball, yeah.
 Your housing, books, everything? That is incredible.
 Yeah, everything. Every like- free ride and I get to, you know, like be on like a Trojans sports team too. And it's like cool. Isn't it awesome?
 That is incredible. Do you get like a per diem?
 I don't know. I should ask. Yeah, I will.
 You should...You should look into that.
 That is amazing, congratulations. Good for you.
 Thank you.
 But I don't know I want to live in the housing that they give me though 'cause I think I want to you know like get like a nicer place.
 Oh.
 Yeah, that you probably. You should see one of these Victorian houses around by.
 Where should I move?
 That's a really good idea. Or I could go to like Santa Monica. Go beach. Venice beach, yeah a little dirty though. I don't want to go to Venice beach. But - Malibu. All right.
 Oh. Venice beach.
 Oh, you don't like that. You're west-sider?
 Okay. That would be way too much of a commute you can't do that. Especially- I know especially from--I don't know, what I was going to say, I don't know.
 Professional softball player Malibu. [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know. Commuting from what Malibu that would be ridiculous.
 Oh yeah, that would be.  Well, depends on what type of car you had, though too. I guess it would be worth it. helicopter. Yeah, helicopter.  There is a helipad there, right? Yeah, exactly.
 Oh yeah. He'd drop you right off at practice?
 They have those neon--softballs.  They're like day-glow you can see them anywhere.
 Oh. That is incredible. Is it--
 do they have a--is it a co-ed softball team?  I mean... Really? You know, I didn't even know that they have that.
 They do it's--believe me it's huge.
 Who do you play? Like do--are you like... nationally ranked?
 I just got into it. I just kind of fell into it. Literally I was walking around and...
 That is unbelievable.
 It's pretty wild.
 I would put that right up there with--ping-pong.
 Yeah, well I doubt [GARBAGE] ping pong [GARBAGE]
 I mean not to denigrate what you are doing.  I think that's great.
 No, no.  I love softball. I played softball all the time.
 I am not saying you should be. I'm not no. I think it's great I think you should be incredibly proud yourself especially because you're going to U.S.C for free for doing it. For free.
 For free that's really what it's about. I mean who cares I mean if I have to play softball all the time?
 Yeah we have like away games and stuff.
 But you know I'm like [GARBAGE].
 You're like the rookie? The new kid.
 Just watch in five years you'll be like on the force. You carry around donuts in your back pocket... [LAUGHTER]
 I'm going to have a mustache...On the force...
 Pull over..
 He saw it.
 I was out here at four this morning I heard a crack and I looked out the window and he was standing right over there.
 I don't know.  But he went back in the kitchen and he cried.
 Did you talk to him?
 No.  I figured I'd just let it wait.
 Cried hard?
 Yeah, I could hear him crying through the floorboards in my room.
 [BREATHING]
 I don't know.
 He's dreaming about him again, walking the streets.
 I guess he is.
 What do you mean a mistake?
 What, can you prove it?  What proof do you have?  Can you prove it?
 To you it is, to me it is.  But to your father?  You can talk yourself 'til you're blue in the face but there's was no grave and there is no body.  So where are you?
 The trouble is those god damn news papers.  Every month some boy comes back missing longer then Larry so--
 Why?
 I'm going to ask her to marry me.
 Well, what do you want me to do?  You're old enough known your own business.
 See.  Then it's not just my business. Sometimes you infuriate me, you know that?  You know it's just your business too if I tell father and he throws a fit about it, huh?
 I'm sorry.  I ignore what I've got to ignore. That girl is Larry's girl.
 She is not Larry's girl.
 From father's point of view he is not dead and you have no right to take his girl.  I'm just saying that you can go on from there if you know where to go but I'm saying I don't know where to go.  See, I don't know.
 You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong in that.
 To hell with that.
 Did you ask Annie yet?
 No, I wanted to get this all sorted out first.
 I don't see why it has to be Annie.
 That's a good answer but it doesn't answer anything.  You haven't seen her since you went away to war, it's been five years.
 He thinks he's coming back, Chris.  You marry that girl you're pronouncing him dead.
 Do you know what that'll do to you, to your father, do you know?  I don't.
 Are you crazy?
 You have a business here.  I said what the hell is this?
 Business?  The business doesn't inspire me.
 Oh, must you be inspired.
 Yes, yes I like it for one hour a day.  I don't care if I have to grub for money all day long when I come home I want it nice, I want a family, I want to kids and Annie is in the center of that.
 Yes, on this I would.
 Well, you don't want to think like that.
 Then help me stay here mom.
 All right but you don't think like that because what the hell is this all for.  This is all for you, what are we working for Chris? The whole shooting match is for you.
 Then help me stay.
 Well, you don't think like that.
 I am thinking like that.
 I don't understand you, do I?
 No, you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.
 Well, I can see that.
 Why did he invite her here?
 Well, maybe he wanted see her.
 It's been three and a half years.  Why all of a sudden?
 Well uh, He grew up next door to the girl, why wouldn't he want to see her?
 What is going on here, Joe?
 The girl is not Larry's.  If the girl is Larry's girl she's not his she know she's not.
 And how do you know why she's waited.
 I want you to---act like he is coming back.  Don't think I haven't noticed you, both of you since Chris invited her here.  I won't stand for any nonsense.
 Oh, laugh at me, laugh all you like but why does this happen to very night she comes back?  She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look at it, Joe look.
 Believe with me Joe, you got to believe. Only last week a boy came back missing longer then Larry you read it yourself.
 You above all have got to believe. Just don't stop believing.
 What does that mean? Me above all? What does that mean?
 Look at you. You're shaking.
 What the hell do you want from me, Kate?
 The only one I know still love his parents.
 Yeah, that kind of went out of style didn't it?
 Oh it's not bad thing it's good thing.
 You're not sorry you came?
 Not sorry, no.  I can't stay here.
 Why not?
 For one thing your mother as much as told me to go.
 [BREATHING] And then you've been kind of...
 What?
 You've been kind of embarrassed ever since I got here.
 You did?
 From her point of view why else would I come?
 Yeah--
 Ann, I love you.  I love you.
 I almost got married two years ago.
 Why didn't you?
 Everyday since.
 why didn't you let me know?
 Because I was waiting for you, Chris.  Till then you never wrote me and then when you did, well, you sure can be ambiguous you know.
 I kissed you.  I kissed Annie.
 I'll never forgive you for waiting so long.  All I did was sit around and wonder if I was crazy for thinking about you.
 I kissed you.
 Chris, what's the matter?
 Do you want to go somewhere?  Let's go.
 No, what is it?  Is your mother?
 No, no, it's nothing like that.
 I don't know it's--it's complicated. But it's going from me now.
 You got to tell me.
 I don't know.
 It's kind of all mixed up with all these other things.
 Wouldn't work like this.
 you know over seas I was in command of the company?
 Yeah, sure.
 Well I lost them.
 How many?
 Pretty much all.
 [BREATHING]. Geez.
 Takes awhile to toss something like that off.  I mean they weren't just men, you know.
 For instance, there was this one time when this kid--it had been raining for like several days and he gave me his last pair of dry socks.
 He just put it in my pocket that's the kind of guys I had.
 They didn't die they killed themselves for each other and I mean that exactly, you know a little more selfish and they'll all be here today...
 And I had this idea as I was watching them go down like everything was being destroyed, you know.  But I felt like this one new thing was being made, you know it's kind of like this.  This monument...
 You know, that they were bringing something on to this earth, a kind of sacrifice you know.
 I thought I would change everything you know, and I got back here and it was- it was like nothing had changed at all...
 You know.  I went to work with dad and I started that whole rat race again...
 And no one had changed it was just like sort of random bus accident to them.
 Driving my new car and I felt guilty you know opening my bank book seeing a new refrigerator.
 'Cause you can take those things out of a war.  But you have to realize that those things came out of the love that a man can have for another man...
 And if you can't see that then it's just loot and there's blood all over it.
 I felt ashamed and I didn't want any part of it.  I guess I included you too.
 Do you still feel that way?
 I want you to know Annie.
 I'm going to make a fortune for you.
 What would I do with a fortune?
 What time is it?  God, this is great, isn't it?  I can't believe it.
 Of course I did want to a little further up the coast you know get away from all the lights and people and everything.  Is it midnight, do they always start at midnight?  Is that what it is midnight?  How you doing, huh? You okay?  That's good.
 Look, there what's that, what's that?  Is it--
 Oh, no I can't tell though.  Although probably if you can't tell it probably isn't them right, yeah.  Probably going to be like unmistakable, right?
 Gosh, this is great, isn't it?  This is awesome.  Oh, no you know what I forgot?
 Flashlight the silver one.  There's only one isn't there?
 Oh, well, yeah of course.
 You keep saying "my flashlight" like somehow it's just yours. How's that supposed to make me feel?
 Of course, our flashlight.  What's your is mine, mi flashlight es su flashlight.
 Gosh, I should have brought it. I can't believe I forgot that.
 No.
 You know what we should've brought a blanket too.  Man, our blanket, our blanket.  Wish I had six-pack too, a six-pack would be just the ticket right about now, huh, six-pack.
 I'm fine.
 Oh yeah, I'm so excited right now I'm like a kid.
 I can't believe I got out of the house without my fly zipped up even.
 I wonder if they can hear me talk
 Right.
 That's my point too.
 Then let's go.
 People in Kansas would have to get plane tickets and make hotel reservations to see this.  It's only forty minutes away; it's just too good to pass up.
 Pass what up?  These little fish swim out of the ocean, they flop around on the sand then they swim back and then they die.
 Yeah, they do.
 Well, okay whatever, okay but it's a fish who do something that like no other fish do, you know, it's like those swallows that return to Capistrano or those like those lemmings that jumped off the cliffs, you know.
 It's like a little bit of the unexplainable, a little magic, a little mystery.  I just don't see how you can not be interested in this.
 Yes.
 Last year, you'll also remember we got--our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat, we got into a big fight and we did not see the grunions.
 We just weren't in a good spot though.
 We didn't see them the year before either.
 Come on, trust me I got instincts for these things, okay?  So just--just think about it all right?  Okay, I know you're not interested, think about it...
 Out there, there's like this big mass of silver fish they're heading this way...
 They don't know why, we don't know why.  No one like sent them an invitation or gave them a map or direction...
 They just all turned at once and they just form this line as long as the California coast.  And they just started swimming...
 Like some little time release fire cracker went off inside their little tiny bodies.  And they all turned as one...
 And form the line and started swimming, swimming that would bring them to this point here...
 It's like urgency that's pure urge you know.  It's single-mindedness with no mind.
 It's crazy.  Look at this, I'm giving myself goose bumps, the hairs are standing up on my arm.
 ...to this spot for this massive celebration of like sex and death...
 Look at this, my hairs are standing up my arm. I'm giving myself goose bumps.
 That's the wind.
 Well, so?  What do you think?
 Can I ask you a question?  Are you on your period?
 Why do you ask me that?  God damn it, I told you not to ask me that I hate it when you ask me that. It's insulting.
 I just, we just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.
 Because they never do.  Do they, have they ever?
 We missed them twice.
 Twice is every year we've tried that's ever.
 No we won't.  It's pointless it's like a waiting up to see Santa Claus.
 I feel like my whole life is going to be spent here on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly, waiting for fish to show up and the fish never show.
 you were fine during the phone call from Marge, dinner was okay, doing the dishes was fine.
 Let's see, uh, I took a shower and, um, you were watching the news and you said the "the Grunions are running tonight," and I said "okay great, let's go."
 So I'm putting the animals out we're getting the car to the garage and--
 Do you remember the first year we came here? It's about four years ago right after we got married.
 And I remember thinking this is it. finally, finally I'm as happy as I'm supposed to be.
 Wait a minute, I've got it.
 It was when we were driving passed that knickerbocker liquor locker and you would said, no you said "let's get some champagne" and I said "no time to wasting" or something like that.  That's what it is, right?
 I'd rather not remember some things.  I'd rather not hope for some things.
 Oh right sure, of course.
 No.
 You want me to go get some champagne?
 No.
 Do you want to take off our shoes?
 What? Huh?
 You want to get married again?
 A new carpet, a poodle, a suicide pact, ice cream, a back rub, what?  What?  What the hell do you want?
 I want something to turn out the way that it's supposed to.
 You think nothing turns out how it's supposed to.  You think I had some grand idea going that four years down the line.  We would come to this beach and argue over fish?  No.
 No, no I'm just like you, I thought it was going to be all rosy cheeks and the bills would pay themselves and fish will always come and--
 No.  You know what you get?  You know what you get?  You get this.
 This what?  What is this?  This isn't even anything.
 Yeah, it is.
 Oh, sure this is standing on the beach, this is waiting, fighting.
 Right.
 This isn't anything like I thought anything would be.
 I know me neither.
 This is just this.  I mean it includes a lot and everything but it's--do you understand what I'm saying?
 I'm doing the best I can.
 I know that Augie, I really do.
 I just can't help wishing that I was somebody, somewhere else.
 Maybe if you were with somebody else too?
 I didn't say that.
 No, I know but--I know I don't make you happy.
 Yeah?
 You are the one who probably wishes he was with somebody else, someone who didn't take everything so seriously, someone who would enjoy yourself.
 Look what we got here.
 It's not champagne.
 I guess we don't need glasses.
 Are you cold, huh?  Do you want to go home?
 I'm beginning to think you might be right.  I think this might be the spot after all.
 Augie, I'm sorry.
 Shh...
 If we are really quiet, the fish might come.
 Or not.
 Or not.
 Now and always sweet.
 I don't care then.
 It had to happen sooner or later.
 [BREATHING]
 Oh. Behave exquisitely...
 With perfect poise...
 [LAUGHTER] I think I shall do a court curtsey.
 Ah...
 [LAUGHTER]
 Ah...Strange...
 Mmm...
 Things that just ought to matter dreadfully, you know they just don't matter at all when one is happy, do they?
 Darling, don't say that.
 Oh, yes meaning just that.
 Oh, dear god what is that all mean, dear god?
 [LAUGHTER] Don't laugh at me I'm being serious.
 You mustn't be so serious, darling, it just what they want.
 Flippancy brings out the acid in their darn sweetness and light.
 Mmhmm If I must laugh at everything, I must laugh at us too.
 How long will it last, this ludicrous, overbearing love of ours?
 We are figures of fun all right
 Ahh...who knows.
 Shall we always want to bicker and fight?
 If one of us dies...
 I think you're talking nonsense.
 Let's pity the poor philosophers, huh?  Let's enjoy the party for as long as we can, okay?  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and sit like small idiotic school children. [LAUGHTER]
 Come here darling, kiss me
 before your body rots and worms pop out of your eye sockets.
 See, you know I don't care what you do.  You could paint yourself green and run naked to the Place Vendome.
 Do you remember that row we did have in Venice?
 Which particular one?
 Oh, Charles.  That was his name Charles. He did wriggle so beautifully.
 But you know it wasn't as bad as the one we had in Cannes...mmhmm...where your curling irons burnt a hole in my dressing gown.
 Cannes...mmhmm...
 The manager came in he found us rolling about the floor.  [LAUGHTER]
 I will never forget the look on his face.
 Scratching and biting like panthers. [LAUGHTER] Oh...
 oh...
 Utterly, utterly ridiculous.
 oh...[LAUGHTER]
 We were very much younger then.
 Very much sillier.
 Oh you knew there was nothing in that.
 Well, what of it?
 No, thank you.
 I'll have a little, I think.
 I don't see why you want any you already had two glasses.
 Oh, you know no particular reason besides they are very small glasses.
 Don't be stupid, what?
 Are you going out somewhere dear?
 Well it's a woman's duty to allure the man. Watch me a minute will you?
 You know, it's a pity you didn't have any more brandy. It would have made you just a little less disagreeable.
 You know what?  You snap, you snap, you snap you're like a little adder.
 Nonsense.  They have a bag of venom behind of fangs and they snap.
 They sting.
 I don't care.  I don't care, do you understand?  I don't mind if they bark and they roll about like hoops.
 Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
 Yes, I did quite a lot.
 I suppose you let him just kiss you or good deal more than too.
 Oh, mind you own business.
 I suppose you two had a riotous time, huh?  No restrain at all, very enjoyable, he never had much any how.
 You're quite insufferable, I expect it's because you're drunk.
 I am not in the least bit drunk.
 You always had a weak head.
 I think I told you once before that I had three minute liquor glasses the whole evening long.  A Child of two cannot get drunk on that.
 On the contrary, a child two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
 Oh very, very interesting Amanda.  How about the child of uh... four, six or maybe nine---you know, we could work up a splendid little debate about it, you know?  Intemperate tots.
 Shut up.
 Not very funny darling.  Why don't you have some more brandy?
 That's a very good idea I think I will.
 Would you uh...turn that off please? You're going to wake the people upstairs.
 Why?
 Well then you'll wake the people downstairs.
 They are away in Tunis.
 This is no time a year for Tunis.
 Turn it on again, please.
 I will do no such thing.
 Very well if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
 Turn it off. It's driving me mad.
 I won't.
 Turn it off.
 Stop it. No. Go away.
 Amanda listen. Listen.
 listen Oh I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you damn sadistic bully.
 That's very amusing indeed.
 Oh you're cruel you're...you're...I hate you, I hate you. Go away. You're conceited. You're overbearing. You're utterly impossible.
 You...You're an evil minded, self-centered little wench and I never want to see you again.
 This is the end do you hear me?  Finally and forever.
 You're not going like this.
 Oh yes I am...Oh yes I am. Let go of me. You let go. You...urgh...You're a cruel friend. I loathe and I hate you. Marry you again...Ha...Never, never, never, never. I hope you die in torment. You beast.
 No you're not.
 Shut up. Shut up. I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling back to me on a bended knee. You are an evil tempered little vampire and I never want to see you again as long as I live.
 Hi. Excuse me.  Um, I'd like to put in this application for my registration.
 Hi.
 Okay.  Let me see here.  Um, we need--we need your original birth certificate.
 Right.  Well.  We still need it.
 um Sorry.
 No, it's--
 Ok, but you're right now you're holding up more people in line by standing here-- and letting
 Well, why didn't the D.M.V. put that you needed your birth certificate on the application then?
 You know, Official documentation--
 Yeah, but your birth certificate--I mean, who carries around their birth certificate?  Nobody does that.
 With your driver's license and your passport.  Just like everybody else.
 Who--you always use your driver's license.  I mean, you're not coming to the D.M.V. if you're not over sixteen and that's when you get your driver's license so you're never gonna need it anyway.
 It's almost time for me to go.
 There's nothing I can do.  I mean, the government you know--
 You're gonna have to.  I mean, you're a great father.  You can do it.  I know you can.
 I don't think so.
 Well, we can do the best we can and-and, with um, you know like wireless internet these days--I think that we could-- Talk every once in awhile.
 You could send me pictures.
 Their not gonna let you.  You have to stay home and I have to go.  I mean, that's all--
 and--I mean, my daughter--I don't want to put her in danger.  You know?  She has to stay.
 I know, but, she needs to be safe more.  She needs to be around kids her age--own age.  She needs to be able to play on the streets and--
 But she's--you're not gonna--you're not gonna be here for--for her first words.  For her first steps.  I mean--it's something that you're supposed to be here for that--
 You can just remember it for me.
 Well, I need--I need you to be able to do this for me 'cause I can't do anything about it.
 I mean, it's just as hard for me, but--I know that we can do it, you know
 I don't want you in danger.  And I don't want her in danger.
 I have no choice. There's nothing I can do.
 Oh my God.  Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what?
 Well, guess.  Guess, guess, guess, guess.
 Um, you--
 That is great.  You look radiant.  I should've guess.
 I'm so excited.
 Well, Tell me about him.  What happened.
 like all they have And I was like, what's going on?  And he like takes my hand and pulls me into the middle and he's like--you know, get's on his knee and everything--And says will you marry me? And I flipped out.
 'Cause- 'Cause he was with me. You didn't do it did you?
 Yeah.  I mean candles wouldn't stay--No, I didn't--I didn't know anything about it.
 You didn't know anything?
 No. I'm just as happy as you are.  This is--
 I was just--it was so like I thought this might happen eventually, but like not yet, you know what I mean?  Like--
 So, I mean--it's good though.
 It is good.  It's totally good.  I mean, it like oh, you know.
 Yeah, I know.  Wow.  I'm shaking.  I can't even--
 I know. So we're gonna take it--Like we're not gonna get married right away--'Cause we want to like have plenty of time to plan everything out
 ...and, um, my parents want to like be part of it and help out and everything--So we want to give it lots of time to like--
 Oh. Do they--do they know yet? Have you told them? Oh, that's--
 Yeah, yeah, I called them. I called them And, of course, they were so excited 'cause they love him. Like they always have.  Um--
 That's great.  Yeah.
 So, yeah, I mean, it'll be good.  We wanna like, uh, I think we're gonna have it in spring time, like early Spring--So it's no too hot yet.  And um--
 Okay. You know--you know where?  Or--
 I don't know.  I mean, I kinda like the idea of having something outside, but--Like--is a- Yeah,
 Uh, huh. I mean, you know, it's spring--It'll be--
 Spring's nice though.
 Yeah, I don't know-[LAUGHTER]-I mean--I can't even--the whole idea of like living--spending my whole life with somebody--that's crazy
 Yeah, that is--how long you guys been together now?
 Okay.  All right.  So-[LAUGHTER]-quite a while.  I mean--That's-  That's good.  I'm so happy for you. [LAUGHTER]
 Thank you. Thank you so much.
 Yeah, I'd love to be in that same situation some day, but, wow- so-
 Oh, you will--You'll find just the right girl.  And she'll be perfect for you and everything will be great.
 Oh, I approve. I-[LAUGHTER]-I more than approve.
 I mean, I'm surprised he didn't, ya know--go get a plane to fly over and shine--But candles on the beach, that's okay too I guess--
 Yeah, it's pretty good.
 Well--can--I mean, let me know--I want- I want invitations and--
 Of course, of course--you'll be able to be a part of it.  You can come help me pick my colors.
 Oh, yes.  This is the whole [GARBAGE]
 It's so girly.  I don't even know how to like--It's so weird, but it'll be fun.  My mom will love to be like--she'll get so into it, I'm sure.
 She'll be like--flowers and the--
 It'll be good.  Wow, that's great.
 Oh, thank you. [LAUGHTER]
 So, uh, so how's it been going?  I mean, you have any needs or anything?
 No.  You can't think that way.  I mean it's good--it's good that you're--that you're calling, you know. you can't
 No, come on.  Don't [GARBAGE]
 I know.  I know. It's hard, but you just--you gotta keep going.  I mean, you've been going at it for so long, you know.  Something is definitely going to come up.  I-I know it will, because you're a good worker--
 No.  It's--I mean, it's competitive, you know.  That's-That's what it is.  that's what you gotta be is competitive.
 There...There are plenty of people out there with--with like, good jobs, you know, that are a lot...
 ...dumber than you.  I mean they're a lot worse off than you.  You are much better off than like a lot of those people in there. I know
 I know.  It makes it harder.  I mean it's definitely who you know in a lot of cases, but--
 But you gotta.  Otherwise, what is--what's your other option?
 I feel so worthless.
 It's not worthless 'cause it's definitely gonna--it's definitely gonna pay off.  I know it.  I mean, I can--I've just--I've seen your work etiquette.  You know, you're a good worker and...
 ... and there's no reason that--that something won't come up like really soon.  All right?  So you just gotta--
 Because I know you.  You know, and maybe once you get to know some more people, like talking to them and everything, they'll get to know you too and they'll realize they should've hired you three years ago.  You know? but  And- and they'll finally come around and believe me--it'll--you gotta-
 Well maybe yeah, but maybe you get to that point where it's like you bug 'em and then they just don't wanna hear from you anymore, but you keep bugging them and bugging them and then it's gonna annoy them so much that they're gonna be like all right fine. you know
 That obviously that's not true though.  I mean, you've done this before.  You've done all the work like this before, you know, and and you've gotten people saying oh, you're so good and like you know--
 Right.
 Well, you've gotta live.
 I mean, it's just, it's really--I don't know, yeah, it's about their opinions and it's about, I don't know, just getting yourself out there and--
 I just wanna crawl in a hole, you know.  Like it just makes you not wanna even open your eyes in the morning.
 Well, come on, come on.  Thinking about it like this is definitely not gonna help either though.
 Hi, um, excuse me, I believe that the airline lost my baggage.
 Um, okay, it didn't--didn't come out on the carrousel--
 No, it didn't. um It didn't come out and I don't see it anywhere around here, so what can you do about that?
 Okay.  Um, well, unfortunately yeah there was a some- some problems with the--
 Uh, well some-some of the bags were--were lost on the way over here. uh-
 You know, I mean, there's a lot of things that go on under the plane and sometimes, you know, that kind of things happen.
 Uh, But, we are willing to reimburse you for the bag and and for the contents--
 How much?
 Um, we'd be willing to give you uh fifty dollars for--
 Right.  Uh We realize, you know, that that it's a bad situation, but I'm sorry, there's nothing that we can really do.
 That's all, that's all, that's all you're going to do is just give me fifty dollars and say go have fun on your vacation without any of your stuff?
 I think, um, maybe you can file a claim if you want and turn it in to our main office--
 Right.  No.  I mean they- they might--they might--if you-if you are argue the case more, maybe they'll reimburse you more, but, right now--
 Yes, I know. I know-. It's It's frustrating.  Unfortunately though-- um
 Because you don't seem to care very much, you know.
 By checking your bags, you--you, you know- admit to the liability that's- that's at risk--
 Right, well, by checking in your bags, you agreed to, you know, at the will of the--
 You paid for the flight and then your bags were checked at--it's a service that the airline provides for us.  So so, really, it's really the risk was taken and, I'm sorry, but there's really nothing else we can do.  So do you want--do you want the reimbursement?
 Well, there are-there are some shops here in- in the airport--
 No, um, like I said you can file a claim and, uh, maybe get reimbursed for more-- you
 probably even talk to--
 Right, that--that gets taken care of-- That gets taken care of.  We get we do, you know, we investigate those and just make sure that um- they're not doing their own thing with them so--uh
 but Unfortunately sometimes is--
 Well, that's--that's what I'm saying--
 Okay.  Well that that could be something that you put on on the claim--on on the complaint form if you want.  And provide us with your information while you're here and then, maybe, if it turns up, then we'll send it right over.
 It sounds like it's such a little like oh well no big deal whatever.  It's a big deal to me.
 All right, Miss, I-I know.  I realize this. But Like I said, there are several people that are in your same situation, so, um, it's not--it's not totally uncommon and I'm actually gonna have to ask you to move so I can help the next person.
 Yes, all right.  There you go, now you can file a claim over to the left--And they'll help you out.
 Hey, a what's up?
 Um, Johnny died yesterday.
 Wow, that's horrible.
 I'm sorry to hear about that.
 We knew that it was coming, but--
 Yeah.
 It seemed like he had a little bit longer.  Like just last week, he was doing was so well.
 I mean, you know, at least he's not in anymore pain now, right?
 Yeah.
 It's good, you know.  you know It hurts I know.  I know what it's like to lose someone like that.
 I just don't want him to be gone.
 It's okay.
 'Cause, you know, you've got all the times that you guys did spend together, you know and that's something good that you can look back on.
 I mean--I don't know.
 And his whole family was there.
 I mean, he was like really conscious right up until the end. you know
 Well, that's that's good, you know.  At least, I don't know.  I mean it's- it's better to go- to goout that way than...
 .than you know, in pain and like this gradual, this horrible process.  I mean--
 He was so young, you know.  And all the stories he used to tell me about...
 ...the way he wanted to live and he was gonna go to Africa and he was gonna--
 But look at the--he--look at the life he did get to lead.  I mean, for his age, he'd done so much and--
 Nobody's ever gonna forget him.
 Yeah, exactly.  He's made a big impact on a lot of people. and
 And you'll always have that and--you should feel, you know, happy for him that he got to do so much before--I mean, and even after he found out last year.  I mean--
 He did a lot.  But--
 I know.  It doesn't bring him back, but--
 But It's okay because now, you know, you'll just go on with your life and--
 I'm gonna forget him.
 No, you'll never forget him.
 I won't be able to hear his voice or his--
 I know. but you're not  I mean you're not going to forget him.  The pain will go away eventually and--or it will subside--
 You start to lose like that image after a while.
 That will be, It'll be--it'll be better that way. I mean Time will tell.  Time heals, you know, and it's good.  It's okay.  I mean, it wasn't anybody's fault or anything like that so .
 It's hard to lose someone that way, but he's he's better--he's better off now.
 Thanks.
 So, how's it going?
 Oh, you got what?  Where?
 I got into U.S.C.
 Oh, no way.
 Yeah, I'm so excited.  So I'm gonna say--
 Are you gonna go? you gonna-
 Yeah, I think, I mean because where else would I gonna go?  Like the other places that I applied to I really didn't like that much anyway.
 So--
 Wow, that's...
 ...that's first choice, huh? That's so awesome and now look you're gonna be--you're gonna be here. you know
 Yeah, I know.
 Absolutely. I'm so excited.
 I know.  I know. And we'll all get to hang out.  And I'm--even though we'll be at like at different parts of the city, we can still, like...
 ...hang out and, like, have our different lives--And meet each other's friends and stuff.  So, I'm just so glad 'cause they have such a good school
 Yeah, no, definitely--It's gonna..
 Yeah.
 and like-- The football team--And like all the-...you- what I mean, like...
 Yeah
 Fight on.
 You can walk somewhere and be anywhere in the country and be like, oh, yeah, I am at U.S.C.
 And you know what, you know what I mean, like it's recognizable rather than just being like I went some random school. It's like people really know what you...
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow. That's cool.
 ...like, they feel like--I feel like it's going to be so like accomplished.  Do you know what I mean?
 Like it has some prestige. so
 Yeah, I mean there's all the money stuff and my mom's helping me with the financial aid and stuff.  But, it'll be fine--
 Like, now that I'm accepted, it's just, like, such a huge load off my mind.
 I don't mind worrying about all the paperwork.  You know--
 So...
 Because, I don't have to like make that decision anymore.  I don't have to try and decide, like, what the bad school I'm going to go to is. you know
 Right.  Right.  Right. Oh, man, then you're going to have to do orientation, I guess.
 I know. I know.  I think you go and you like stay for a couple of days and you meet people and--And they'll give you like a tour--And show you everything.  Oh, man, I'm just so--I'm so excited.
 That'll be awesome.
 I mean because you went to the campus before, right?
 Yeah, oh totally.  It's a beautiful campus.  It's gonna be really nice.  Um, and everyone is friendly and like there's ivy on all the walls.  Oh, it's just so--it's so like collegiate.
 You know what I mean?  Like, it's like exactly what I want.
 Well, you know, I've thought about it but they have so many things that I might--Like try some things out first...
 ...because also on the list of their, um, like G.E.'s or whatever, you have a lot of choices within every single one.  So you can, like, try things out and not just be like, oh, I have to take math, oh, I have to take this.  You know what I mean?
 So, um, so I don't know.
 I mean I'm gonna take a bunch of stuff and see.
 Oh man.
 I- They have like--they just have so many like prestigious like this school is top ten and like the departments within it, you know what I mean.
 I know, I get to be one of those now--I'll like walk around and be like a U.S.C..  You know what I mean.
 Ahh. Yeah. [GARBAGE]
 You'll be like are you a fan or a student you know? Student. [LAUGHTER] Oh man, that's awesome.
 And you'll be like...
 Student. I'm a student. Yes I am, Thank you very much.
 [BREATHING]
 A U.S.C. graduate now. You're set.
 I know.  I'm excited.
 Well, that'll take a while. [GARBAGE]
 That's going to be a lot of work.
 But, it'll be fine, I mean.  I'm so excited. It's going to be so fun.
 I know, and I mean the area's not great, but like the school makes up for it. It'll be fine. It'll be good.
 You're getting close to the beach.  I mean geez.
 I know. I know. So fun.  I can't wait.
 I will. I will. Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Hi, my name is Shiloh, welcome to--Airline Six.  Hi, how may I help you?
 All right, sir.
 I completely understand.  Automated systems are very difficult sometimes.
 Okay.
 Um, how may I help you.  You're trying to book a specific flight?
 Oh, yeah, absolutely.  You know, and especially because you've been waiting so long and I know that, um, you've been having a difficult time.
 I want to definitely give you our special package today, which um is usually only for valued customers who have a record of having previous,
 um lots of purchases, but we're gonna go ahead and give that to you anyway. uh,  Just to make sure that you're happy with your service here.
 You- You can do that--You can do that now? I don't have to get like transferred through or anything like that.
 Is that all right?
 I can do that right now for you. No, absolutely.  I can take care of you all the way through to the end.
 All I'm going to need is your credit card number but just give me one moment. So-
 [BREATHING] that's good.
 um, you're scheduling a flight as well--And you would like to, um, we have a highly discounted hotel rate that goes along with that so that everything is all in one deal.  You're taken care of by the time that you get there.
 All right.  I want to make sure it's like a nice hotel--I mean-mean I'm gonna be paying a lot of money for this so I don't wanna-I don't wanna, you know, I don't wanna to be a waste of time.
 Absolutely. we we
 Yes, I completely understand.  Actually, our-our airline only uses five star hotel and above.  Except we charge at a three star hotel rate because, as a corporation, we are able to get a deal from the hotels themselves.
 So, you will absolutely be in a high rated great hotel and we can make sure that it's in a area of town that you like as well.
 Okay. So--
 Yeah.
 Well, you know, we wanted to--we wanted to go to Maui and--That was a
 Okay.
 --you know, the kids wanna go to the beach and stuff and so--um
 Great.  How many seats?
 Well, it's gonna be four of them.
 Okay.  Great.  Four seats.  I'll book you for four seats.
 All right.  And can they like all get together?
 Oh, yeah, absolutely.  Um- Would you like window seats or aisles?
 Um- You know, window is nice. I guess
 Okay, I can do um- a win- -two like a window and a aisle and a window and an aisle next to each other so that each of you can sit two by two. And switch around maybe?
 Okay.  Great.  What time of the day would you like?
 Uh, well, yeah, I think we were just--you know, whenever best available, I guess.  You know--
 All right.  Great.  Well we have a very open flight that leaves at nine a.m. and fortunately uh the time change actually goes um backwards from that.
 So, it's a five hour flight, but you'll arrive only at eleven a clock in the morning.  So that day, you can have plenty of time to get to your hotel--Rest up and then still have a nice afternoon your first afternoon in Maui.
 And, like, there's there's shuttles or something that I can get to the hotel.
 Absolutely.  That actually goes in on the same package with our hotel.  You just give me your address.  We'll come and pick up a time that allows you to get to your flight with plenty of time to spare.
 And a there will also be a shuttle waiting for you to take you to the appropriate hotel.
 Yeah--I completely understand.  It's a difficult process sometimes and we want to make traveling as easy as possible.
 All right.  So we're confirmed then or do you--All right.
 Absolutely. Thank you so much for calling and we hope that you will come to us again.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Did you talk to him?
 He cried hard?
 What was he doing out here at that hour?
 Why shouldn't he dream of him and walk the nights waiting for him?  Do we contradict him?  Do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore?  That we haven't had hope for years now?
 For God sakes, it's been three years.  Nobody comes back after three years.  It's insane.
 I've got an idea, but what's the story?
 I'm gonna ask her to marry me.
 Well, that's only your business, Chris.
 What do you want me to do?  You're old enough to know your own mind.
 Well, then it isn't just my business--
 I'm just saying that--
 She's not Larry's girl.
 You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong with that.
 To hell with that.
 [BREATHING] Have you asked Annie yet?
 Well, how do you know she'll marry you?  Maybe she feels the same way your father does.
 Well, if she does, then that's the end of it.  But from her letters, I think she's forgotten him.  I'll find out.  And then we'll thrash it out with Dad, right?  Mom, don't avoid me.
 Trouble is, you don't see enough women.
 Because it is.
 Are you crazy?
 I've been a good son too long.  A good sucker.  I'm through with it.
 What about the business?  What the hell is this?
 The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.
 Must you be inspired?
 Yes.  I like it an hour a day.  If I'm gonna grub for my money all day long, at least in the evening I want it beautiful.
 Yes, on this I would.
 Well, you don't want to think like that.
 I am thinkin' that way.
 No, you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.
 I can see that.
 Well, maybe he just wanted to see her again.
 What do you mean?  He lived next door to the girl all his life.  Why wouldn't he want to see her again?
 How do you know he's even thinking of it?
 It's got that all about it.
 Well, so what?
 Now, listen Kate.
 You can't read her mind.
 How do you know why she's waited?
 Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.  I mean, laugh--laugh at me, but...
 But why did that happen the very night she came here?  She sleeps in his room and his memorial breaks to pieces.  Just look.  Look at it.
 What does that mean?  Me above all?
 Look at you.  Look at you shaking.
 What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you Kate?
 You're not sorry you came?
 from her point of view, why else would I come?
 You feel it's wrong here, don't you?  This yard, this chair.  I want you to be ready for me.  I don't want to have to win you away from anything.
 I almost got married two years ago.
 You started to write me and--
 Every day since.
 I will never forgive you.  Why did you wait all these years?  All I did was sit and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.
 No.  Nothing like that.
 Then, what's wrong?  I mean, even in your letters there was some--something ashamed.
 Yeah, I suppose I have been.  But it's going from me.
 You've gotta tell me.
 I don't know how to start.
 It wouldn't work this way.
 It's all mixed up with so many other things.  You remember overseas, I was in command of a company?
 Yeah, sure.
 Well, I lost them.
 How many?
 Just about all.
 Oh, gee.
 It takes some time for a guy to toss that off.  'Cause they weren't just men.
 For instance, one time, it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks.  I put them in pocket.  It's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had.
 They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other.  I mean that exactly.  A little more selfish and they'd have been here today.
 I got this idea watching them go down.  Everything was being destroyed, see, but it seemed that there was one new thing being made.  A sort of responsibility.  Man for man.
 You know what I mean?  To show that, to bring that onto the Earth again, like some kind of monument and everyone would feel it standing behind him and it would make a difference to him.
 Then I came back and it was incredible.  There was no meaning in it here.  The whole thing to them seemed like sort of a bus accident.  I went to work with Dad and that rat race again.
 And I felt what you said, ashamed somehow 'cause nobody was changed at all.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive to open the new bank book, drive the new car, see the new refrigerator.
 I mean, you can take those things out of a war, but when you drive that car, you've gotta know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.  You've gotta be a little better because of it.
 Because otherwise all you have is really loot and there's blood on it.  And I didn't want to take any of it.  And I guess that included you.
 You still feel that way?
 What'll I do with a fortune?
 What time is it?  They're supposed to run around midnight.
 This is great, isn't it?  Look at the night we've got here, couldn't be better.
 I would have liked to have gone a little further up the coast to get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid we'd miss it.
 How you doing?
 Is that--no--is that just foam?  I can't even tell.
 Well, I guess we can tell, it probably isn't right?  Probably be unmistakable don't you think?
 How you doing?  Aw, you know what I forgot?  I forgot to bring my flashlight.  Oh, how could I be so stupid?  I should've brought my flashlight.
 What flashlight?
 Oh, well sure.
 Right, of course.  Our flashlight.  Mine and yours.  I mean, me flashlight is su flashlight naturally.
 I wonder, do they always run during a full moon?  I can't remember if it was full last year.  Do you remember?
 Yeah.
 You cold?  Do you want my jacket?  Oh, we should've brought the blanket.  Our blanket.
 This is great, isn't it?  A six pack would be just the ticket right now.
 I can't believe I forgot.  I'm like a kid.  It's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.
 You think they can hear us talk?  Or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?
 Do you want my jacket?
 Right.
 That's my point too.
 No. No. That's not my point.  The point is there's no point in coming down if we just leave.  Don't you want to see it?
 Think about the people in Kansas, they had to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to see this.  We live forty minutes away.  It's too good to pass up.
 Yeah, but that moment on the beach, is the highlight of their little lives.  All that flopping is laying eggs or what do you--spawning or mating.  I mean,
 this is a big night for these guys.  Life's last orgy.
 Alright.  But it's fish that do something that none of the other fish do.  Like the swallows returning to Capistrano or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs.
 I don't get it.  The first time we came here, you said it was the best night of your life.
 We weren't in a good spot.
 We didn't see them the first time either.
 There is that--no that's just seaweed isn't it?
 Oh man, this is great, isn't it?  I wouldn't miss this for anything.  Here, think about this, all right, I know you're not interested, but think about this.
 all as one, this time release instinctual little firecracker went off and they all turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.  And they're swimming right now as if that's all that matters.
 It's like single mindedness with no mind.  It's urgency that's pure urge.  They don't know what drives them.  They don't ask it a question or give it a name.
 They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them right here to where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.
 Ah, God, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  Look, all my hairs are popped up.
 Well, so what do you think?
 About what?
 What I was saying.
 Well, so what do you think?
 About what?
 What I was saying.
 It certainly is not.  It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
 Well, I'm not the only one.  Look at all these people.
 Carla, can I ask you something?  Don't take this wrong, but are you having your period?
 God damn it, Augie, don't ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  You always ask me that.  It's insulting.
 We just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.
 There's nothing to it.  We come here, the grunion arrive, they do their little fish business, we go ooh, ah, look at the fish.  They go home. We go home.
 We've missed them twice.  That's not ever.
 Well, we'll see them this year.
 I mean, I feel like my whole life is gonna be spent standing on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for the fish to show up.  And the fish won't show up.
 It's just fish.  Nothing to get traumatized about.
 You said, "Hey the grunion are running tonight."  I said, "Great, let's go.  I feel lucky."
 Okay, so I'm putting on my jacket, putting out the animals, getting the car out of the garage--
 Do you remember the first time we came to see it?  It was about four years ago, right after we got married.
 I thought I was pregnant, you had a bottle of champagne, but no glasses.  You asked me to dance, so we kicked off our shoes and you popped the cork.
 And while we were dancing, you said the softest, most intimate things to me right into my ear so that I could feel them as much as hear them.
 And I remember thinking, this is it.  You know, at last--at last I am as happy as I am supposed to be.
 Wait a minute.  I've got it.
 Just dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.
 It was in the car, right?  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, "let's get some champagne," and I said, "time's a wasting" or something like that, right?
 Yeah, of course, I see it now.  You want this to be like that other time, right?  That's it, right?
 I'd rather not remember some things.  I would rather not hope for some things.
 Okay, yeah, sure, I see it now.  Listen, you wanna dance?
 No.
 You want me to go get some champagne?
 No.
 Take off our shoes?
 No.
 Well, welcome to the human race.  Do you think this is what I had in mind when I proposed?  That four years down the road, we'd be at the beach yelling at each other over fish?
 No, Carla, I'm just like you.  I thought it was gonna be all peaches and roses and sand in our toes and wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'll have three fat rosy kids and ha, ha, baby, the joke's on us
 Yes, it is.
 Right.
 Well.  This isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.
 I know, me neither.
 I'm doing the best I can.
 I know that, Augie.  Really, I do.
 I know that you meant this to be special and nice and the sand and the moon and all, but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
 Maybe if you were with somebody else too.
 I didn't say that.
 No, I know.  But still.  I know I don't make you happy.
 You're the one who probably wishes you were with someone else.  Someone who--you'd rather enjoy yourself and didn't take everything so hard.
 I don't know.  It seemed like a pretty good spot to me.  I mean, look at the view you have of the moon from here.
 Well, look what we have here.
 Augie, you brought refreshments.
 It's not champagne.
 Well, then we don't need glasses.
 No.  I think you might be right.  Maybe this is the spot after all.
 Augie, I'm sorry.
 Shh.  If we're very quiet the fish might come.
 Or not.
 Or not.
 I wonder.
 I don't care then.
 Hello?  Hello?  What?  Wrong number.
 Ah, it send shivers up my spine.
 Behave exquisitely.
 With the most perfect poise?
 Oh, of course.  I shall probably do a court curtsy.
 Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy.  Do they?
 What's so horrible is that one can't stay happy.
 Oh, darling, don't say that.
 It's true.  The whole business is a very poor joke.
 Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing, love?
 Yes, meaning just that.
 You mustn't be serious, my dear one.  That's just what they want.
 Who's they?
 All those futile moralists that try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them.  Be flippant.  Laugh at everything.  All their sacred shibboleths.
 Flippancy brings out the acid in their damn sweetness and light.
 If I laugh at everything, then I must laugh at us too.
 Certainly, you must.  We're figures of fun, alright.
 Well how long will it last us, this ludicrous overbearing love of ours.
 Who knows.
 Well, shall we always want to bicker and fight?
 No, that desire will fade.  Along with our passion.
 Oh, dear, shall we like that?
 Depends on how well we've played.
 Well, what happens if one of us dies?  I mean, does the one that's left still laugh?
 Yes.  Yes. With all his might.
 No. No, it isn't.  Death is very laughable.  Such a cunning little mystery.  All done with mirrors.
 Darling, I believe you're talking nonsense.
 So is everyone else in the long run.
 Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.  Let's blow our trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as much as we can.  Like quite idiotic, very small school children.  Let's savor the delight of the moment.
 Come and kiss me, darling, before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
 Elliott, worms don't pop.
 I don't care what you do.  See, you could paint yourself green and dance naked in the Place Vendome and rush off madly with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word.  As long as you love me best.
 Oh, thank you, dear.  The same applies to you except that if I catch so much as looking at another woman, I'll kill you.
 You remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
 Which particular one?
 The one when you bought that little painted wooden snake in the Piazza and put it on my bed.
 Charles.  That was his name.  Charles.  He did wriggle so beautifully.
 Yes, I know you did.  You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
 How long did that row last?
 It went in intermittently for days.
 The worst one was in Cannes when your curling iron burnt a hole in my new dressing gown.
 It burned my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.
 That was the first time you ever hit me.
 I didn't hit you very hard.
 The manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.
 Oh, I'll never forget his face.
 It was ridiculous.  Completely ridiculous.
 We were very much younger then.
 As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.
 What of it?
 Well, what about me?
 Well, if you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey, you never would have known a thing about it.
 Me, too.  Bored stiff.  You want some brandy?
 No particular reason.  Anyhow they were very small ones.
 Just seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.
 Well, it's become a habit with you.
 You needn't be so grand, just because you don't happen to want any yourself at the moment.
 Don't be so stupid.
 What?
 A woman's job is to allure the man.  Watch me a minute, will you?
 Oh, be quiet.
 Adders don't snap, they sting.
 You're quite insufferable
 I'm not in the least drunk.
 Shut up.
 We could get a good debate going about this, don't you think?  Intemperate tots.
 Why?
 Turn it on again, please.
 I'll do no such thing.
 Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
 Turn it off.  It's driving me mad.
 You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.
 Turn it off.
 Stop it.  Go away.  I hate you.
 Amanda, listen. listen
 Listen?  Listen, indeed.  I am sick and tired of listening to you, damn sadistic bully.
 I hate you.  Stop it.  Stop it.  I hate you, do you hear?  You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
 You're a vile, tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I hope to never see you again as long as I live.
 This is the end.  Finally and forever.  Do you hear me?  The end.
 You're not going like this.
 Oh Yes, I am.
 You're not.
 I am.  Let go of me.  You're a cruel fiend and I hate and loathe you.
 Shut up. Shut up.
 I wouldn't-- I wouldn't marry--
 I wouldn't marry you if you came in crawling on your knees
 Thank God I realized what you are-- I'd never marry you again ever in my life. You're a cruel fiend and I hate you. You're a beast. You're a beast--I hate you. Stop it.  Stop it.
 You're a evil vampire and I hope to God I never see you again as long as I live.
 Hi, How can I help you?
 Yea. I just want to get this done,
 Sure, um
 get my new license.
 do you have two forms of ID with you?
 Um, no, I got my driver's license though.
 I actually need two forms of ID. I need either a passport or a birth certificate, or social security card. I'm sorry.
 Uh, sorry, I forgot them. I mean I've got to -
 Well
 well is the dri-driver's license going to work?
 I- I can take your driver's license but I need another form of ID in order to process this paper work.
 Um, that you would need to go home and get another form of ID and come back.
 What? I- You telling me I waited in that huge line to go and sit down and get my number called, like after
 three hours and
 Shouldn't they have like told us about that? I mean why - why would they make me go and wait three hours if I have got to go and do it again?
 It's standard? I mean I don't work at the D.M.V. how am I supposed to know that, like, I stand in line, I get my
 I filled out the application right, didn't I?
 I'm sorry, sir.
 there is nothing I can do.
 You- shouldn't you have like a sign or something maybe like up on the counter when you get the applica- maybe on the application
 What web- I didn't go to a website - why would I need to - it's the D.M.V.. You come to the D.M.V., you wait in line for three hours, and then you go home.
 I don't want you to go.
 I know, I know. I don't want to go either baby. I love you know. And I'm going to miss you a lot.
 I'm going to miss you too; I don't know what I'm going to do here without you. It's going to be so lonely, and so hard.
 I don't want to be a single mom.
 You won't be. I'll be back; I'll be back before you know it. All right, and
 but
 and
 It's dangerous; I mean how can you make sure that you'll
 I hope so.
 I hope so.
 It's going to be really rough.
 You gotta take care of our baby for me, alright?
 I'll send you lots of pictures.
 I hope so, because I'm not going to be able to survive without all that. I don't know what I'm going to do.
 I've never been - I've never been away from you for two weeks let alone a year.
 Well, just promise me that you going to be safe.
 I mean can't they put you in like, you know kitchen work or something where you won't get
 there's people that thought it was the right thing to do so now we have to- we have to do what we have to do for our country
 and it'll work out you know, go there and do that. Yeah, I'll be back
 Will you write me letters, paper ones?
 Our baby needs a dad; you can't leave. Okay, you can't disappear.
 Our baby has a dad, alright. Daddy is going to be back soon.
 I want you to, you know, take lots of video; pictures and I can see you when I get back or while I'm there. I'm going to miss you.
 I'll miss you too.
 Oh, you're never going to believe it.
 What? What? You look really happy what's going on?
 Well, I finally did it
 Finally did what?
 Oh, my Gosh. Well, and did
 Did she say yes?
 Yes, she said yes. [LAUGHTER] I know
 That's like the most definitive.
 I would have thought you would have told me that you were planning on doing this.
 Yea, I guess so. Oh, my Gosh. Was she surprised?
 Yes, yes. You know, she - she was like - I mean, she was happy, you know
 I - I think it was about time, I don't know, maybe. You know what, it's been it's been long enough now.
 Oh, well, it was -- you know, we were at this- at this concert and yeah
 so I-I talked to some of the crew before hand and-
 Oh, You did not.
 I-I did.
 Oh, my Gosh. that's so cute
 That's so romantic. Oh, my Gosh. She must have died. That's like one of those things you write into a magazine about like my boyfriend did this. Oh my God.
 I know, so
 I got to freak her out.
 No, yes -- so
 She must have flipped out.
 Yea, that way she was guaranteed that she could not say no.
 Right exactly because you can't say no in front of thousands of people. [LAUGHTER]
 No, but it was good.
 Did you bring her up on stage too?
 Yes, yes. [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my Gosh, that's so cute.
 I know it was, I don't know I was really nervous but I'm really - I'm really glad.
 Are your parents excited or...?
 Oh yes, they - they you know they love her and so I mean...
 Ooh, that would be fun.
 Yea, yea, I'm not too sure where yet I guess you know, I kind of got to figure some stuff out here first
 Oh my Gosh. I cannot believe you're getting married, that is so cool.
 I know.
 Golly, it just makes me all like romantic inside, like I really want that to happen to me. [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, it will, obviously you know. But I know it's something - I don't know, you never really think about it happening, like before hand.
 Sure. Oh, yes.
 Yes, well, Thanks, thanks. Thank you. yeah
 Yay, well congratulations, that's so cool. [BREATHING] I can't wait.
 Hah.
 So how you feeling?
 You've been doing a lot of work for it, right?
 Right, so the fact you doing the best that you can is -
 you know you shouldn't give yourself a hard time for that, it's the best you can.
 Well, but you care about what you do, right?
 I understand that it's so frustrating but I know that you're here because you really want it you know and, and uh
 Well, I mean you're still here you've tried for this long so I think that says something all in itself.
 You are persistence. I mean that's important. that's
 Well, you're talented so keep that in mind, you know, you shouldn't give yourself too hard of a time.
 I'm sorry.
 I don't know, it's just not, I don't know - I don't know what to do really, you know, I'm just thinking
 That's- I mean. There are more factors then just whether you're good or not, you know what I mean like
 and the fact that you know there is always different types of things and what kind of people they want in the office and whether it's male or female or you know what I mean, like things are out of your control.
 So you should take that in consideration rather than giving yourself such a hard time.
 this doesn't happen to a normal person.
 You know and the fact you still here and still cooking, like it's good that you're thinking about it, that you're reconsidering.
 But like, just because you're considering why it's been so difficult doesn't mean you should just stop.
 Maybe you should take a little break from it, but I don't think you should stop.
 Right. Thanks for talking to me.
 Hi. Um-
 Hi, can I help you?
 It seems that uh- my-my bag didn't make it out on the carousel.
 Oh, did you check? Did you make sure as it went around the second time that it-
 Yes, yes, it's gone around like you know twenty times. It's been about a half hour.
 Okay. Well, um- the f.
 Actually I'm looking here at the information, the flight that you were on we had some trouble with some of the baggage, it looks like a few peoples' bags didn't make it through. Um, so-
 Okay. So what-what do I have to get you know
 Well, you can fill out this paperwork um- and if for some reason it shows up, we can bring it to you, but-
 Well, sometimes it's just late baggage or misplaced baggage and it comes out but it seems to be here and just I'm reading off of this that
 Uh- it didn't make it into the second plane so it looks like there - they don't actually know what happened to it.
 Um, well, sometimes there is just difficulties with loading on to the plane. Uh- There can be a theft or uh- some sort of you know mishap with a cart or something.
 I- I- I understand, but um.
 Okay
 Right.
 I understand that. Um- So I'm going to put down here that you looking for your baggage, but we actually can't, uh this bag is likely not going to show up so what we're going to do-
 Sometimes it gets stolen, sometimes it gets misplaced on another plane and
 they - they, it gets shipped to somewhere else and then it's stuck somewhere and then we have no way of tracking that.
 So we'll- what we'll do
 But we have the tags on. I mean like it wouldn't you know, if it got stuck somewhere it's like well this is nobodies bag I mean maybe you know look on the tag and
 Right. Like I said sometimes a theft and things happen like that but we are willing to reim-reimburse you.
 Um, so.
 Theft? Don't you know like all these people that are work - you keep like an eye on them, how can they get away with-
 We have very tight security but we -uh- there are times when we just can't uh make sure there aren't absolutely no human error, you know
 I'm sorry there is no guarantee on baggage.
 you don't realize the stuff that I've got in that - I really need to get the suitcase okay
 I understand, so-
 all right, We've already checked back here for your baggage
 and we will continue to look for it and because your paper-
 Well, it's- it's just sort of help with the fact uh that you lost some of your possessions and we rather do that than-
 The airline can't afford to give you everything that is in that suitcase. and so-
 The a- what? Talking about a core they can't afford it? I mean-
 Well because lots of people get their baggage lost and we don't want to have false claims or anything like that so we have
 we can give you fifty dollar to sort of make up for it, to compensate, and we can definitely let you know if it shows up but likely, more than likely-
 I mean you're not helping me here. What do I have to do here? Do I need to sue the airline company is that what I should do
 Kathy died last night.
 yeah, I mean, you know, it was a -
 I guess we saw it coming and she lasted a lot - a lot longer than, uh, they expected but you know, I mean when it actually happens it's just a lot harder.
 It doesn't make any easier, yes.
 I mean at least she was home, she wasn't in the hospital anymore,
 Oh, man. I'm so sorry.
 She was with- yeah  She was with Gary, and he said that she was just sitting there and went to sleep, closed her eyes, and that was it.
 It's going to be so rough, I'm sorry.
 Yes. I mean, it's not as rough on me as it is on him but
 God, it's you know, we've spent so much time with them it's just really surreal, really weird that we're not going to be able to see her anymore and go
 Yeah.
 out to- out to dinner you know and do the troops to California, I mean.
 Totally.
 It's just that- I don't know, it's sort it's sort- of a weird thing you know
 Yeah
 not being able to see anyone again, who knows where they really went, you know. I mean, I guess we can just hope that wherever they are now if it's anywhere that it's better I mean.
 Yes. Well, at least you have a lot of good memories.
 She was [garbage]
 She really cared about you, you know.
 Yes, I mean she cared about all of us. She was great
 so loving everybody you know.
 And she was
 Gosh, I just hate I just hate to see her go.
 Yeah.
 We were all going take a trip to Europe you know.
 Even if you still do she'll- she'll be there.
 Yes.  [BREATHING] God.
 Are you going to be okay?
 I just -- I just don't get it, like there is just nothing you can do about it you know, it's like just out of your control and it
 just makes it that much harder to deal 'cause as much as you want to, you know, make her better, see her not in any pain, it's like, just I don't know, just has a mind of its own.
 Then she's gone.
 It's going to be okay, I promise.
 Well, you know I appreciate you coming over and talking to me, I mean it definitely helps
 Sure
 to talk to somebody but
 you shouldn't be alone
 It's just going to take a while, I think.
 Yes.
 Ah.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah? Have you gotten letters yet?
 Um, I don't know, where?
 U.S.C..
 Oh my Gosh, that's so cool.
 [LAUGHTER] It's gotta be it, like-
 Oh my Gosh, that's so cool.
 but big packet, big packet is nice
 big packet is gotta be the real thing. yeah
 So it's like, yes, rip it open and there it is big - oh, yes.
 Oh my Gosh. I thought there was like, maybe going to be some, like I don't know if you are going to get in or not, so I'm really glad that you did.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah. I know, I know.
 it was you know I wasn't too sure I mean you know it was kind of last minute for like the application
 and everything like but
 Yeah, totally.
 it was good, yeah. I mean-
 So you're going to be right here in Los Angeles; that is so cool.
 I'm looking forward to it.
 So can we hang out?
 Hey, yes, you know that's - that's what I'm coming for.
 Yay.
 You're half the reason I'm going. [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yay. Thank you. [LAUGHTER].
 No but that's an awesome school. That's so cool.
 Oh, totally totally.
 You know what I mean, I bet the home games, are just like nuts you know.
 you get to like be a part of that.
 Like you get to be a part of that. Like the, like the- Like a cult.
 What?
 [LAUGHTER] I know. I mean part of-
 [LAUGHTER] like a- like a- [LAUGHTER] No, but I mean like everywhere you go people know who you are.
 Yeah. Right. A cult. I'm looking forward to being in the cult.
 Right I know, like you, it won't hurt, I mean national champions last year, wow, you know
 Maybe we'll do it again this year.
 So you know what you are going to do there?
 What's that? ahh Well, you know I'm I'm thinking um I'm leaning towards like communications
 I-I don't know. Kind of a broad,
 Okay. They have a lot of good schools, right?
 yeah, I mean a lot-a lot  of good stuff oh, yeah, I mean it's- it's just a really good school; so really, whatever I pick I can't go wrong. I mean I'm just
 I'm looking forward to getting there. I mean, God, the campus is cool, you know it's like all just very confined I mean just you know it's a college campus you know it's like
 Yes, it's intimate.
 I know. It's so cool.
 Fair for you, Wow, oh my Gosh.
 I mean you got to - you got to show me the ropes 'cause I've never been there before so I mean you know your way around already and- [LAUGHTER]
 I will do the best I can.
 Well, there are all kinds of awesome secrets so you'll really enjoy it. It's really great. I'm so glad.
 Oh, alright.
 I'm-I'm looking forward to that. [BREATHING] man, So yeah, I think I'm going to come out a little early so I mean I'll give you a call and we'll definitely-
 Yay
 Okay. Yes, totally come visit
 and we'll explore and you going to have such a good time, you're going to fit in so well, it's going to be awesome
 [LAUGHTER] Thanks, yes, thanks, yes That'll be cool.
 So Congratulations. That's awesome.
 All right. Customer service this is Steve.
 Hi. Thank you so much, you're a real person, right, you're not like a recording?
 Okay. Before I get into it, um your menu or whatever like where you choose the different thing depending on the-
 it leads you around in circles, you can't, there is no way to like get to a real person if you don't already know how to get to there.
 Right. No, yes I know. It is-It is a little frustrating.
 I- I'll give you a little hint, next time if it asks if you're on a rotary phone you know, just stay on the line instead of - instead of hitting one or two to say if you're like on a touch tone
 pretend like your on a rotary phone, goes straight through to a person.
 I know they don't tell you that kind of thing.
 Sorry. Okay. Um-, yes
 Thank you very much. Um  So I have a charge on my credit card that, um, isn't mine.
 Uh, I don't know where it came from and it's actually quite large, and I don't have the money for it so
 Yea. All right. Well, let me-let me look it up here for a second. Uh, so i think
 Okay, it was um- at the [GARBAGE] sorry, it was at a department store, I think it was Macy's or something
 Okay, Alright, yeah. I- I see it on here.
 All right. Well, you know that's, that's what we have all of our protection plans for and everything like that so I mean it's
 it- it'll work out fine.
 Yes, we'll get- we'll get rid of it right now. I mean just we're going to have to have you, um, submit something you know, we're going to have to have you mail something in for us, okay.
 So- So you can um find that application. You have the Internet, you can go to our website.
 Yeah. Yeah. You get the form right now. and- yeah
 We could mail it to you as well, but-
 Right. You can go online, print it out, and just fill out the form and um- send it to us um- you know,  regarding the grievance and-
 and it'll get taken off um- no problem you know
 Right. I mean we might
 Okay.
 Uh, I mean have you been shopping around on the Internet and stuff? I mean that you gave-
 I did buy one thing on ebay I don't know that might-
 Uh-ha, I mean usually sites are pretty well protected but sometimes I mean information gets out, so
 so it is a little a little hard in that situation if you want -- you know you can -um- we can- we can issue another credit card.
 Yeah, yeah. Maybe we'll, uh-
 it's a different number and everything
 Yeah. yeah.
 Yes, um but  for- for that- for that charge we will need you to send something in but we can get you processed immediately for this, for this, for this new card. It still goes to the same address, right?
 Okay. All right. Then we'll get it sent out there. And
 Great.
 And you know just I mean be careful in the future if um
 Yeah.
 if you're ever online or anything like that I mean just make sure it's a secure site and
 and never you know, give it to anyone out, never even give out your number to any like unreliable company that you haven't heard of or anything like that, all right? Because, um, we want to- we definitely want to help you out, but-
 Right, right.
 Okay, great.
 Yeah, totally.
 you know it gets- it gets difficult you know so Alright.
 Well thank you so much. You've been very helpful. I really appreciate it.
 Alright Yes, I'm sorry for all the inconvenience but we'll get it taken care of.
 Thank you very much bye.
 I don't know. When it cracked he ran into the house and cried in the kitchen.
 No. I figured it was best to leave him alone.
 I could hear him right through the floor in my room.
 We've got to say it to him.
 For God sakes it's been three years, nobody comes back after three years, that's insane.
 You know why I brought Annie here don't you?
 You know.
 I got an idea but what's the story?
 I'm going to ask her to marry me.
 Well, you want to make sure that your father isn't-
 See it isn't just my business-
 From father's point of you he isn't dead and you have no right to take his girl.
 I don't know why but every time I reach out for something that I really want, I have to pull back 'cause someone else will suffer. My whole bloody life, time after time after time.
 You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong with that.
 To hell with that.
 I wanted to get this settled first.
 How do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels the same way your father does.
 Well, if she does then that's the end of it. From her letters I think she's forgotten him.
 I don't know, I'll find out. Then we'll trash it out with dad, right? Mom, don't avoid me.
 Trouble is you don't see enough women, you never did.
 I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
 If I can't do that here well, then I'll have to get out.
 What the hell is this?
 I'll get out. I'll get married and go live some place else, maybe New York.
 What the hell is this, are you crazy?
 I've been a good son too long a good sucker, I'm through with it.
 What about the business? What is this?
 The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.
 Must you be inspired?
 Yes, I like it and hour a day. If I'm going to grub for money all day long, at least in the evening I want it beautiful.
 Tell me, you'd leave the business?
 Yes, on this I would.
 Well, you don't want to think like that.
 Yea, I can see that.
 Why did he invite her here?
 She's been in New York three and half years why all of a sudden-
 Well, maybe he just wanted to see her again.
 Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
 He's not going to marry her.
 How do you know he's even thinking of it?
 Well, so what?
 What's going on here Joe?
 -She's not his girl Joe; she knows she's not.
 You can't read her mind.
 I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you. Don't you think I haven't noticed since he invited her, I won't stand for any nonsense
 I need you to believe with me; I can't stand all alone.
 What does that mean, me above all?
 Look at you -- look at you shaking.
 I know, it went out of style, didn't it?
 It's all right.  It's a good thing.
 You know, it's lovely here, the air is sweet.
 No, not sorry.  But, um. But I'm not gonna stay.
 I knew they would, your mother anyway.
 Well, from her point of view, why else would I come?
 I guess this is why I came.
 I'm embarrassing you and I didn't want to tell it to you here.  I wanted some place we'd never been before.  A place where we'd be brand new to each other.
 Well, you started to write me
 You felt something that far back?
 Every day since.
 Ann, why didn't you let me know?
 Let's drive someplace.  I want to be alone with you.
 No.  Nothing like that.
 Well, what's wrong?  I mean, even in your letters there was some--something ashamed.
 Yeah, I suppose I have been.  But it's going from me.
 It wouldn't work this way.
 Well, I lost them.
 Just about all.
 It takes some time for a guy to toss that off.  'Cause they weren't just men.
 For instance, this one time, it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks.  I put them in pocket.  It's only a little thing, but those are the kind of guys I had.
 They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other.  I mean that exactly.  I mean, a little more selfish and they'd have been here today.
 I got this idea watching 'em go down.  Everything was being destroyed, see, but it seemed that one new thing was made.  A sort of responsibility.  Man for man. You know what I mean?
 To show that, to bring that onto the Earth again, like some kind of monument and everyone can feel it standing behind him and it would make a difference to him.
 Then I came back and it was incredible.  There was no meaning in it here. I mean, the whole thing to them seemed like it's sort of a bus accident.  I went to work with Dad and that rat race again.
 And I felt what you said, ashamed somehow 'cause nobody had changed at all.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive to open the new bank book, drive the new car, see the new refrigerator.
 I mean, you can take those things out of a war, but when you drive that car, you've gotta realize that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.  You've gotta be a little better because of it.
 Otherwise all you have is really loot and there's blood on it.  And I didn't want to take any of that.  And I guess that included you.
 Do you still feel that way?
 I want you now Annie.
 'Cause you mustn't feel that way.  Because you have a right to everything you have, Chris.  Everything, you understand that?  Me too.
 I mean, and your money, there's- there's nothing wrong with your money.  I mean, your father put hundreds of planes in the air.  A man should be paid for that.
 What'll I do with a fortune?
 What time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight.
 God, this great, isn't it? Like look at the night we go here, it couldn't be better.
 How you doing?
 Fine.
 Is that -- is that, no? Was that just foam? I can't even tell.
 Although, I guess you can't tell it probably isn't them. Probably be unmistakable don't you think?
 How you doing? You know what I forgot? I forgot to bring my flashlight. How - how could I forget to bring my flashlight? How could I be so stupid?
 What flashlight?
 Yea.
 You cold, you want my jacket? We should've - we should've brought our blanket, our blanket, how could we forget to bring the blanket?
 Oh, a six-pack, that's, should've brought a -- a six-pack be just the ticket right now. How could I forget,
 oh man. Like a kid, it's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.
 You think they can hear us talk or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?
 I'm cold.
 Not particularly.
 Honey, this is a natural phenomenon. I mean it only happens once a year.
 Think about the people in Kansas, they- they'd have to get a plane ticket and hotel reservations to see this. We live forty minutes away it's too good to pass up.
 Yea, but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives. I mean all that flopping is laying eggs or what do you, mating or spotting or something like that.
 This is a big night for these guys, life's last orgy.
 Okay. But it's fish that do something none of the other fish do. Like the swallows returning to Capistrano, or the Lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs
 you know there is like, there is a certain mystery here, a magic, a bit of the unexplainable. I don't see how you cannot be interested.
 I'm just not.
 Yes.
 Last year you'll also remember our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat, we got into a big fight over nothing, and we didn't see the Grunions.
 There is that, oh no that's just seaweed, isn't it?
 This is, this is great, isn't it? I wouldn't miss this for anything. Now listen to this, I know you're not interested but just listen.
 Out there somewhere there is this huge mass of silver fish headed this way,
 they don't why, we don't know why. They didn't take a vote or anything; they didn't get a map or an invitation.
 Just all as one. This little time sensitive firecracker, instinctual firecracker in their body just went off and all as one they turned and formed a line as long the California coast and started swimming. They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.
 It's single mindedness, with no mind, it's urgency that's pure urge, they don't know what drives them. They don't ask it a name or ask it a question,
 they just turn as one and start the swim and brings them right here to this spot where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.
 Look at me; I'm giving myself goose bumps all my hairs are popping up.
 That's the wind.
 About what?
 So what do you think?
 What I was saying.
 Certainly it's not. Slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
 Goddamn it Augie don't ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. You always ask me that. It's insulting.
 We just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.
 Well, we'll see them this year.
 I mean I feel like my whole life is going to be spent standing on the beach waiting for the fish to show up with my eyes open and my hands clasped expectantly and the fish won't show up.
 I did want to see them, I always do. I mean I keep thinking that this is going to be the time and it never is.
 You were fine during the phone call from Marge, dinner was okay, doing the dishes was no problem, let's see, I took a shower, you watched the news, you said
 "the Grunion are running tonight," I said "great, let's go, I feel lucky,"
 okay so I'm getting on my jacket and putting out the animals, getting the car out of the garage-
 Do you remember the first time we came to see it? It was about four years ago right after we got married.
 We thought I was pregnant and we opened a bottle of champagne but no glasses, you asked me to dance, we kicked off our shoes and you popped the cork.
 And when we were dancing you said the softest most intimate things to me right into my ears so I could feel them as much as hear them
 and I remember thinking that this is it you know. At last, at last I am as happy as I am supposed to be
 Just dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.
 It was in the car, right? Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker you said, let's get some champagne and I said times are wasting or something like that, right?
 Of course, I see it now; you want this to be like that other time, right? That's it, right?
 I'd rather not remember some things. I would rather not hope for some things.
 Yea. Okay, sure, no. I see. Listen, you want to dance?
 No.
 You want to go get some champagne?
 No.
 Take off our shoes?
 Get married again?
 Well welcome to the human race, all right. Do you think this is what I had in mind when I proposed? You think I had this great fantasy going that four years down the road we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish?
 Well, but this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.
 No, I know. Me neither.
 I know that you meant this to be special and nice, and there's the sand and the moon and everything but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
 Maybe if you were with somebody else too.
 No, I know. But still, I know I don't make you happy.
 Don't be ridiculous. I mean don't you know that?
 You're the one who probably wishes he was with someone else, someone who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.
 Now that you mention it. No, I don't.
 I don't know it seemed like a pretty good spot to me. Look at the moon - view the moon view I got from here.
 What have we got here?
 Well, I guess we don't need glasses.
 Augie, I'm sorry.
 Shh, if we're very quiet the fish might come.
 Or not.
 Or not.
 Hmm.
 What are we going to do?
 Now and always sweet.
 Hello? Hello? What? Wrong number.
 Oh. It sends shivers down my spine.
 Behave exquisitely.
 With the most perfect poise.
 Yes, I should probably to a court curtsey.
 Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's is happy, do they?
 Oh darling don't say that.
 Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing love?
 What does it all mean that's what I ask- that's what I ask myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth?  Good God what does it all mean?
 You mustn't be serious my dear one, that's just what they want.
 Who's they?
 flippancy brings out the acid in their damned sweetness in light.
 Certainly you must, we figures of fun all right.
 No, that desire will fade along with our passion.
 Oh dear, should we like that?
 Yes, yes, with all his might.
 No, no it isn't, death is very laughable, such a cunning little mystery, all done with mirrors.
 So is everyone else in the long run.
 Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers, let's blow our trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as much as we can. Like quite idiotic, very small, school children. Let's savor the delight of the moment.
 Come kiss me darling before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
 You remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
 Which particular one?
 Oh Charles, that was his name Charles. It did wiggle so beautifully.
 I know you did. You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal; I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
 It went on intermittently for days.
 It burned my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.
 That was a rouser, wasn't it?
 The manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor biting and scratching like panthers.
 I'll never forget his face.
 Oh it was ridiculous, completely ridiculous.
 And very much sillier.
 As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 You knew there was nothing in that.
 I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
 Presents, just a trivial little broach.
 No it wasn't. It was very pretty I still have it and I wear it often.
 You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
 No I didn't, you worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
 You let him kiss you; you said you did.
 What of it?
 It gave him a lot of pleasure, it didn't hurt me any.
 What about me?
 Well, if you hadn't been so nosey and suspicious you never wouldn't have known anything about it.
 No thanks.
 I have a little I think.
 No particular reason. Anyhow, they are very small ones.
 It just seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.
 You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.
 Well, it's become a habit with you.
 What?
 No I'm just making myself fascinating for you.
 Going out somewhere, dear?
 As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.
 Be quiet.
 I don't care. Do you understand? I don't care. I don't care if they bark or roll about like hoops.
 Tell me, did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
 Yes, I did quite a lot.
 What riotous time you must have had.
 No restraint at all, very enjoyable, never had much anyhow.
 Oh be quiet.
 We can get a good little debate going about that, don't you think? Intemperate tots.
 All right. I will.
 Better turn that off I think.
 You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.
 Turn it off.
 Stop it. Stop it. I hate you.
 Amanda, listen. Listen.
 Listen indeed. I'm sick and tired of listening to you, damn sadistic bully.
 Very amusing indeed.
 Stop it. Stop it. I hate you, do you hear? You're overbearing and conceited and utterly impossible.
 You're a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I hope I never see you again as long as I live.
 This is the end, do you hear? The end finally and forever.
 You're not going like this.
 Oh yes I am.
 You're not.
 Yes, I am. Let go of me you're cruel fiend and I hate and loathe you. Thank God I realized who you really are before I would ever, ever marry you again. I would never marry you again. I'd rather die in torment.
 Shut up.
 Shut up.
 I wouldn't marry you again if you came to me on your bended knees. You're a evil minded little vampire. I hope to God I never see you again as long as I live.
 You're a beast. I hate you. Stop it. Stop it.
 Oh, um-
 What's wrong?
 You didn't fill this out right. All right. It says that you have to fill out the back sheet of this, but you filled out the yellow sheet of it.
 Who?
 She- she probably doesn't even work here.
 All right  Uh-
 How's it going, babe?
 Yeah?
 All right.
 She's doing fine. She just took her first steps today actually. I videotaped it for you so you can watch it.
 oh.
 Well umm- actually they--I was promoted.
 And Uh- Yeah. Uh- They're going to need um- more nurses on call for uh- to go overseas to help out with the war.
 yeah.
 It's going- It's going to be probably in about three weeks.
 yeah
 I can't- No, I can't do this alone.
 Yeah, and uh--
 Honey, I'm going to come back. It's not like that.
 But it- it is for a year.
 Babe, I'm sorry. But I don't want to do.
 You know as much as -as much as me that I-I want to stay here with you and Amy so bad, but I can't.
 I have to work.
 Babe, I love you.
 You can't leave your daughter alone like this.
 But she has you. I mean, that's what you're there for. You're my right-hand man.
 It's going to be okay.
 You can't postpone it?
 No, I have to go.
 Wait, you can write me and as you know, send me pictures.
 I don't know if I can handle you going another year.
 What do you mean?
 I don't know if I- if I could take it.
 Look, I need you to be strong for me. 'Cause I can't be the only one that's strong right now, really, I--
 I can't be that strong. A whole year.
 me, oh my god.
 and if we survive, if we survive that then babe, you know you know we could survive any--
 I will come back.
 It doesn't look very good.
 we'll have all the money that we ever needed.
 And- And then I'll stop working and- I'll stay home with the baby.
 I don't want the money. I want-you here
 If your life is going to be in danger and this family is going to be in danger we don't need the job. We'll find the money.
 It's all I ever knew how to do. I can't quit now.
 How are we supposed to tell Amy? How's she supposed to understand that?
 Well, we- we tell her mommy's going on va- on a trip for for- a while.
 How is she going to feel the first year in school, no mom.
 Don't do that to me.
 It's hard enough already, Brian, I can't.
 I know.
 I didn't expect this to happen. I never planned for this. Some things you just don't plan for, you know.
 I'm sorry, babe.
 I'm so sorry.
 All right, then.
 Oh, my God, look at that. Huh-oh, how many carats is that?
 Like eighteen? [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, Jesus.
 yeah [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, The Lousy Chaperone. [LAUGHTER] Uh huh.
 [LAUGHTER] Uh- Drowsy.
 at the end of the performance, you know, like we're all clapping and stuff. And all of a sudden I look over and
 Joe's gone. -where did he go, you know?
 And I'm like oh, he went to the- -the bathroom, but he didn't tell me, I didn't even notice him leaving. And all of a sudden, I swear to God, I'm sitting there and-
 he comes up onstage-- And the entire cast everyone just like
 goes up there and everyone's clapping and he's standing there and they put a spotlight on him.
 Oh, my God.
 And I'm like freaking out. I'm like what the hell's going on, you know. I don't know what's going on. And so he's like standing there and then all of a sudden they give him a microphone-
 he asked me to marry him, like- onstage. I was like, I couldn't believe--and I had to walk up there and I was, like I think I tripped or something.
 Yeah, I said yes, but I, yeah, I mean,
 I don't know- it just like took me, took me by surprise.
 He scored points.
 Oh, yeah. Everyone--yeah. And people--friends of ours were in the audience, I didn't know about, like family members.
 Yeah. It was great.
 It was--I cried,
 No, you deserve to cry. I mean, tears of happiness.
 like a loser, I cried.
 But, I don't know, I--it's so weird to think I'm marrying somebody 'cause I feel so young, you know?
 No. No plans. or any- and probably
 like I think I want to get married--I want to have two weddings. One here, then one in Europe.
 That's awesome. [LAUGHTER] Marriage.
 Yeah. I'm so excited. [LAUGHTER].
 Hey, you just got to keep on going.
 No, don't think like that.
 I just, I see all these other people getting commercials and work and it's like I'm not getting anything.
 Russel Crowe wasn't forty until he got his big stuff.
 If you really want to do it-I mean,
 you got to do.
 You could. You could. We just--
 we're just pooling our funds together.
 You don't owe me anything.
 You are, you're going to class, you're learning, you're getting better. When you finally get that role you're going to be prepared.
 Oh my God, Anna, you're still young. Don't even think about that.
 You're only twenty five, okay? Some people don't start until they're thirty five.
 Yeah.
 What would you do- What would you do if you didn't? You can go to law school.
 See? So you can't just quit now.
 Have you been going to auditions and stuff?
 How's the job? Still waiting tables at Denny's?
 Well, they tip well.
 it's not funny. I just don't know what I'm going to do.
 Maybe you could start teaching. I don't know.
 Yeah, I guess I could.
 Go back to school. You know? Another three more years, get your master's.
 Yeah
 Close to thirty. Oof, it's going to be tough.
 Where? I don't know. The lost and found. What do you mean, lost and found?
 Oh, not--we didn't lose it; maybe the airport lost it. Maybe someone stole it.
 Wait, sir. You're- You're completely not--what do you mean, stole it? How can they just steal it from an airplane? It was up in the air?
 What do you mean, if it shows up? No, I need it now. I have my keys, I have my wallet, I have my money. I have thousands and thousands of dollars worth of stuff in there.
 Not to mention I have my work in there.
 And what if- what if it is lost? Well, what are you guys going to do for me?
 and when you sign your ticket we could replace about fifteen percent of what's in the bag.
 Fifteen percent?
 Up to a limit of twenty five dollars.
 What? There- There's hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of stuff in there.
 I think that's kind of stupid, that you put a hundred thousands of dollars in the bag.
 No, they said I couldn't lock it.
 Give me--I'm going to talk to your supervisor. Give me your supervisor. I want to talk to your supervisor right now.
 Okay, let me get him.Oh, guess who the supervisor is? It's me.
 What, do you have questions?
 Well, get- I want the C.E.O. then.
 How you doing?
 Okay.
 Yeah. Wow.
 We're all going to miss him.
 Mmm hmm. I never knew it was going to be this hard, you know.
 It's weird 'cause it's like you expected it to happen and eventually-
 he had cancer, you know?
 They thought he got--would get better and he did, and then it just- things turned bad.
 Turned around for the worst, you know.
 I didn't know him, Tricia, but uh- I heard that he was a great man.
 He was amazing.
 I loved that boy.
 We did everything together, you know.
 It's weird, I think. I feel so alone, you know? What am I going to do now? Now that he's gone.
 He's so young. It seems so--
 so wrong in so many ways.
 His poor parents. You know, it's their only son.
 yeah.
 Kind of a whole year. I mean, he suffered with this, this monster, this thing, this disease.
 He was in chemo the whole time, right?
 And he just got that baseball scholarship.
 I know. He was, he had so much going for him.
 So handsome, so young, so gifted.
 So talented.
 Such a sweet person, you know?
 How's his parents doing?
 Not very good.
 Can you imagine, though, you know, as a parent, just losing a kid? Twenty-two years old.
 It's weird, I kind of feel like part of me is gone now, you know?
 Because this other half was just kind of like ripped away.
 You guys were pretty close, weren't you?
 He was like, he was like my brother, you know.
 He was my brother.
 Just seems so unfair, is the way it is.
 You know, he had that really pretty girlfriend for like about a year and-
 What was her name?
 Kelly. Kelly Uveny.
 They talked about getting married and--
 Trying to have a baby.
 Yeah. But then when he got cancer and it got bad, you know, she just took off and-
 so I was there for him.
 Some people.
 Yeah, but you were there all the hospital days. By his bed-
 Yeah. God, I loved that kid.
 So nice, so positive.
 yeah.
 We need more people like him.
 Joe, do you think he knew I loved him?
 I don't know.
 I never told him, I love you, but-
 I loved him so much.
 I don't know if Benny was smart like that- but-
 I'm sure he loved you too. He just didn't know it.
 Hey, Isabella.
 I'm all right.
 Uh-, So I got some good news.
 You're not pregnant or anything.
 I know you've been trying to have a baby, right?
 I have some better news than that.
 Yes, What would you want more than anything in this world?
 Which one?
 I got--U.S.C.. I got- Yeah, I got the acceptance letter.
 Yes, me, I got in. Thank you very much.
 Good for you.
 Yeah, I know, my mom called me. I was with my girlfriend in Boston, and uh- she got the letter and she called me, she said I don't know, do you want me to open it? And I was like yes, open it. And she opened it and she goes oh, I'm sorry, Nat.
 And my mom was like Natalie, Natalie, it's [GARBAGE], you know-
 oh yeah.
 and so, I mean, I got in.
 Oh, Jesus. That is so amazing.
 So now I can stay here and now we can party. I know.
 Party. You want to get drunk tonight?
 Yeah, why not.
 Yeah, we're going to celebrate.
 We're not twenty one yet, but whatever.
 [LAUGHTER]. I'm so excited, Joe. Oh, man, I-- And I got in--I got into the school of theatre, so it's like-
 Yeah. It's really cool.
 Top five in the nation.
 Who-whooooo. Miss Acti- Acting Pants.
 Acting Pants? So what are you going to do? Are you--you're be--you're going to stay here, right?
 I got into film school at the Art Academy.
 Awesome. We're both going to be in L.A.
 So I'm going to be--yeah. I'm going to make films; you're going to be in them.
 I'm so excited. Yeah, I thought I was going to go to Boston, but then--
 Fuck Boston.
 Oh man, I'm so excited. So much to do.
 I'm just so excited to start my life.
 We should uh- go to Little Ethiopia.
 Oh, and you sit down and you have the sponge bread-- --and eat the--drink the beer. Ugh, I love that stuff. I'm so excited.
 Are you going to come stay in my dorm with me sometime?
 Hell, yeah. Pass out.
 Yeah. I'll get like one of those little--
 Yeah. Those little-- --mattresses. I'll put it by my bed.
 -drunk.
 No, I'll sleep in your bed. Cuddle up.
 Uh-oh.
 That's going to--that'll be reserved for somebody else.
 [LAUGHTER] Hello? I am not.
 Yeah.
 Well, get used to it.
 [LAUGHTER]. No, you'd get used to it.
 Hey, I'm already getting used to it.
 [LAUGHTER]. Oh, Joe, I'm so happy.
 Me too, Isabella.
 Hey, you stupid dumb shit machine, give me a fucking operator, huh?
 Hello sir, can I help you?
 I [GARBAGE]
 Yes, sir, I'm very sorry, but we've had some trouble here.  There's been a lot of calls and the system has-
 Sir, please calm down.  There's no reason to use profanity like that.  It's not-
 Okay, and this is for Verizon? Your provider?
 Well, um- we have a little problem with the system going on.  One of our satellites is down, and I-
 You know what?  I'm just going to- Patient?  I'm a busy man.
 You're going to have to just be patient with us, sir, as we
 Well, I know sir, and we all are busy.
 But I'm going to definitely have to- uh--get your contact information
 -have to, have to what?
 What?  It's my phone.  You can't even call me on it. I don't have another phone.
 Okay, well, if you would like, um- we will be turning on the systems in probably about ten hours.
 What?  Are you kidding me?
 Sir, I'm very sorry, but this is the way it is.  This- We have no control over it.  It's going to take-  -but you have to be patient with us.  You can use a calling card.  We will give you a free calling card to use.
 Oh, my God.
 I- I'm going to kill myself right now.
 A free calling card?
 Do you have a land line, sir?
 Okay, well, we will send you- We will reimburse you for the amount of minutes that you-
 -on average would use.
 That's it? Okay, yeah.  What else?
 And we will probably send you a calling card.  I'm very sorry.  You're just going to have to be patient, sir.
 Okay, I need more than this.  Are you going to give me a little bit more?
 No, we don't just give you things.  We're- we're-
 we compensating you for all your-
 Three days?
 A day?
 I don't know, sir.
 About three million dollars.
 Oh, well, I'm sorry about that. Umm- We-
 Well, ten hours worth of minutes--
 is what's going to happen.
 Sir,
 what I would like what I'm advising you to do now is just to write down all of your problems that you-you feel that--You know, haven't been addressed, fax it to us-
 and we will take care of it if anything happens.  But all we can do now is ask for your patience.
 Okay? Thank you for calling.  Goodbye.
 He saw it.
 He was out there when it happened.
 Um, about four this morning. Uh- I heard a crack and I looked out and I saw him standing there.
 I don't know. But after it cracked he went back in the house and he cried in the kitchen.
 Did you talk to him?
 No, I uh-, I figured the best thing to do was to leave him alone.
 He cried hard, huh?
 I could hear it right through the floor.
 I guess he is.
 Could he-he's acting just like he did after he died, you know?
 I don't know.
 But I know one thing, mom. We've made a terrible mistake with dad.
 Being dishonest with him. That kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.
 What do you mean, dishonest?
 They do come back.
 It's those Goddamn newspapers, you know? I mean, it's like every day they come out with this new person that comes along. And the next one's going to be Larry.
 You know-you know why I asked Annie here, right?
 Why?
 You know.
 I want to ask her to marry me.
 Well, that's only your business, Chris.
 So it's all right. I'll just go ahead with it.
 See, then it's not just my business. God, you have
 -Oh, you infuriate me sometimes. You know, it's not just my business too if dad throws a fit.
 Every time I reach out for something I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole entire life, time and time after time.
 You're a considerate fella and there's nothing wrong in that.
 To hell with that.
 There's nothing wrong with it.
 I didn't ask Annie yet.
 I wanted to get this settled first.
 Well then I guess it's over then. But from her letters I think she's forgotten him.
 I'll find out. But then after it's all over we'll thrash it out with dad, right?
 Because it is.
 It just is. I-
 But if I can't have that here then I'll get out.
 I'll get out. I'll marry her somewhere else. Maybe New York.
 Yes. I like it an hour out of the day. If I have to grub for money all day long at least that evening I want it beautiful. I want a wife. I want a family. I want some kids. I want to build something I can give myself to.
 Now, Annie's in the middle of all that.
 Now, where do I find it?
 Tell me something.
 You'd leave that business.
 Yes. On this I would.
 Then help me stay here.
 Okay. Just-
 I'm going to.
 I am thinking like that.
 I don't know you, do I?
 No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.
 Yeah. I can see that.
 Why did you invite her here?
 She's been in New York for three-and-a-half years. She don't just suddenly come and-
 Well, maybe, maybe he just wanted to see her.
 You don't travel seven hundred miles just to see.
 How do you know he's even thinking about it?
 It's got that about it.
 Well, so what?
 She's not Larry's girl. She knows that.
 You can't read her mind.
 How do you know why she's waited?
 She's faithful as a rock, don't you know. In my worst moments I can think of her-
 Look, it's a nice day. What are we arguing for?
 Nobody in my house better ever dare-dare to challenge her faith. Maybe strangers, but not his father, not his brother.
 Calm yourself.
 Don't, don't laugh at me, don't laugh at me.
 Look at it. Because why, when she came here and she slept in his room, the memorial broke into pieces. Look at it, look at it, Joe.
 All right. All right. Calm yourself.
 No, you've got to believe.
 Why me, above all?
 Huh?
 Why me above all?
 You got to keep believing.
 Look at you, you're shaking.
 I can't help it.
 What have I got to hide?
 Huh? What the hell's the matter with you, Kate?
 You're the only one I know that still loves his parents.
 Yeah. I know. It went out of style, didn't it?
 No, it's all right. There's nothing wrong in that, you know.
 It's really lovely here. The air is sweet.
 You're not sorry you came?
 No. I'm not sorry. It's-
 Well-
 What?
 Well, you've been embarrassed ever since I came.
 Oh look, um, well, the thing is, I was planning on, planning on sort of sneaking up on you over a week or so, and they-they take it for granted we're all set.
 I, I guess that's why I asked you to come.
 Well, I mean,
 Oh, Annie.
 from her opinion, why else would I come here?
 Annie, I love you.
 I love you a great deal.
 I-I love you. I have no imagination. That's all I know how to tell it.
 Well, I guess that's why I came.
 I'm embarrassing you. I didn't want to tell you it here. I wanted to go somewhere that would be brand-new to each other. It feels wrong here, don't you? This yard and this chair.
 I don't want to win you from anybody. I want you to be ready for me.
 I've been ready for a long, long time.
 You felt something that far back?
 Every day since.
 Why didn't you let me know?
 Give me a kiss, Annie.
 Give me-
 I don't know if I ever can forgive you for that. Why'd you wait so long? I sat in my room wondering if I was crazy for thinking about you.
 We're going to live now. I'm going to make you so happy.
 I kissed you.
 Like Larry's brother. Do it like you, Chris.
 Let's drive somewhere. I want to be alone with you.
 No. What is it? Is it your mother?
 No, no, no, no. Nothing like that.
 Well then tell me what's wrong. I mean, even in your letters there's something ashamed.
 Yeah. I guess there is. I guess I was, but uh- it's going from me now.
 You should tell me.
 I don't know where to start.
 But, Chris, it wouldn't work like this.
 You know when I went overseas. I said I was in command of a company.
 Yeah, sure.
 Well, I lost them.
 How many?
 Just about all.
 Geez.
 It takes a little while to toss that off. Because they weren't just men.
 For instance, one time, it had to have been raining several days. There was this one kid, he came up to me and he gave me his last pair of dry socks. Put them in my pocket.
 I mean, that's-that's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had. They didn't just die. They killed themselves for each other. And I mean that exactly. A little more selfish and they'd still be here today.
 And I, and I thought something watching them go down.
 Everything was being destroyed, see, but there was one new thing that was being created. A kind of responsibility, man for man. You understand me?
 And to show that-to bring that onto the earth like some sort of monument standing right behind us where everyone could feel it and it would make a difference to him.
 And I came back here and it was incredible. There was no meaning in that here. The whole thing to them was a bus accident.
 And I went to work with dad and that rat race again. And I felt what you said-ashamed somehow. Because nobody was changed at all. It seemed to make a sucker out of a lot of guys.
 And I felt wrong to be alive. To drive the car, to see the new checkbook, to see the new refrigerator. I mean, you can take those things out of the war. But you got to know that when you drive that car that that came out of the love a man can have for another man. And you got to be a little bit better because of that.
 Otherwise, what you have here is loot; and there's blood on it.
 And I didn't want to take any of it.
 And I guess that included you.
 And you still feel that way?
 Because you can't feel that way, never again, Chris. You hear me? Never. I mean, the money and me too.
 Annie,
 Annie, I'm going to make a fortune for you.
 What am I going to do with a fortune?
 Hey, what time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight, right? God, this is great, isn't it?
 Look at the night we got; couldn't be better.
 You know actually, I wanted to go a little further up the coast to get away from all the, the people and the lights, and uh- but I thought we'd miss it. Hey, how you doing?
 Fine.
 Oh, is that-is that-now, is that just foam, uhh, I can't even tell.
 Oh, though if I can't tell it probably isn't them, right? It probably would be unmistakable, wouldn't you think? Hey, how you doing?
 Oh, do you know what I forgot? I forgot my flashlight. How could I be so stupid. Oh, I-I should have brought my flashlight.
 Uh- you know, the flashlight. The silver one. There's only one, isn't there?
 I don't understand why you're always saying oh, it's mine, it's mine. It's not like it's just your flashlight. I mean, how do you think that makes me feel?
 We should have brought our flashlight. I can't believe we forgot to bring it.
 I hope the moon stays out.
 Hey, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year. Do you remember?
 We should have brought the blanket. Oh, why didn't we bring the blanket? Our blanket.
 You know what would be good right now? A six-pack. Ah, I can't believe I forgot a six-pack. A six-pack would be just the ticket right about now.
 I'm so stupid. I'm like a little kid. I-it's amazing I get out of the house with my fly zipped. Oh- [LAUGHTER].
 I wonder if they can hear us talk. Or hear the vibrations in the sand when we move.
 Do you want my jacket?
 Right.
 Yeah, that's my point too.
 No. No, no, no, that's not my point. My point is there's no point in coming down here if we just turn around and leave.
 I mean, don't you want to see it?
 Not particularly.
 Why not?
 I don't know. I just don't.
 Pass up what? A bunch of fish. They swim up to the beach and they flop around and they swim away and then they die.
 I wouldn't miss this for anything. I mean, think about this. Okay, I know you're not interested, but just think about this for a minute.
 And they all, all as one, turned as one and formed this line as big as the California coast and started swimming this way. Swimming as if that's the only thing that matters.
 You know, they didn't ask it a question. They didn't, they didn't take a vote. They didn't have an invitation or a map; they just started swimming as one.
 its single-mindedness with one mind. Urgency that's pure urge. You know, they don't give it a name.
 They don't ask it a question. They just, they just, they don't know what drives them. They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them to here
 where we stand for a massive celebration of sex and death. Oh, God, I'm giving myself goosebumps. Look, I'm all-all my hairs on my arms is sticking up.
 About what I just said.
 About what?
 About what I was just saying.
 Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this wrong, but are you having your period?
 Augie, Goddamn it, don't ask me that. You always ask me that. Why do you ask me that? I hate it. It's insulting.
 We're not seeing the grunions?
 Like I feel like my whole life I've been just standing on this beach with my hands clasped waiting for these fish to show up and these fish never show up.
 Do you remember the last time we came here?
 We thought I was pregnant.
 You brought a bottle of champagne.
 We took off our shoes and we danced barefoot in the sand. Under the moon.
 And you whispered so intimately in my ear so I could feel your words.
 Oh, that moment-that was it.
 I told myself finally, this is how happy I'm supposed to be.
 Wait a minute. I got it.
 Dancing barefoot in the sand. Drinking out of a bottle of champagne.
 I don't want to remember something.
 Hope for some things.
 No.
 No.
 No, no.
 No.
 A-a back rub, some ice cream, a suicide pact. What the hell do you want, Carla?
 No, it's not. It's standing on the beach waiting and fighting.
 Things have never turned out anything the way that I thought they would be.
 it's not something else. Do you know what I'm trying to say?
 I know you are, Augie, and I know you wanted this evening to be nice, but I can't help thinking of being somewhere else.
 I didn't say that.
 Actually now that you mention it, no, I don't.
 Well, I guess we're just in the wrong spart-spot with the right person.
 Seemed like a pretty good spot to me. I mean, look at the view of the moon we've got from here.
 I noticed that. It's beautiful.
 You can see right over the water.
 Look what we got here.
 It's not champagne.
 At least we won't need glasses.
 Are you still cold? Do you want to go home?
 Maybe this is the right place after all.
 I'm sorry, Augie.
 Shh.
 If we're very quiet the fish might come.
 Or not.
 [BREATHING]
 Do you think it's them?
 We're all right, aren't we darling? Whatever happens.
 Then I don't care.
 things that should matter dreadfully don't seem to matter at all when one's happy, do they?
 Don't laugh at me. I'm serious.
 [LAUGHTER]. You mustn't be serious, my dear one, that's what they want.
 Ooh, certainly you must. We're figures of fun, all right.
 Oh dear, well, shall we want that?
 Well, what if happens if one of us is to die? Does the one that's left still laugh?
 Let's blow strumpets, blow-blow trumpets and squeakers and party as much as we can like small quite idiotic school children. Let's savor the delight of the moment. Come, kiss me darling, before worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
 Thank you, dear. The same applies to you. Except that if I ever so much as catch you looking at another woman I'll kill you.
 Remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
 Oh Charles. That was his name. Charles. He did wiggle so beautifully.
 yeah. And that was the first time you ever hit me.
 That was a rouser, wasn't it?
 The manager came in and found us rolling on the floor and biting and scratching like panthers. [LAUGHTER]
 I know. Oh man. Couldn't believe it.
 As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.
 I remember it well. Bristling with diamonds. In the worst possible taste.
 Just a little perhaps, but it was nothing serious.
 You let him kiss you. You said so.
 What about me?
 That's a nice point of view, I must say.
 Well, it's true.
 Are you bored with this conversation?
 So am I. Bored stiff. Want some brandy?
 I'll have a little, I think.
 No particular reason. Anyhow, they were very small ones.
 It's become a habit with you.
 You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want some yourself at the moment.
 Don't be so stupid.
 Really, Amanda.
 What?
 Nothing.
 Going somewhere, dear?
 It's a woman's job to allure the man. Watch me, won't you, a minute?
 No, it isn't.
 Yes, it is.
 They snap.
 I don't care. I don't care, do you understand? I don't care if they bark, if they roll over on the floor like hoops.
 did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
 I imagine that you let him kiss you quite a bit more then, didn't you?
 You had a riotous-must have had a riotous time. No restraint at all. Very enjoyable. You never had much anyhow.
 You are quite insufferable. I suppose it's because you're drunk.
 I'm not in the least bit drunk.
 Okay. As I mentioned before, I said I had three very minute liquor glasses. That's hardly enough to get a child of two drunk.
 Well, I suppose the people downstairs then.
 This is no time of the year for Tunis.
 Turn it on.
 Turn it off.
 I will not. Go away. Go away. I hate you.
 Oh, very amusing, indeed. Amanda, listen-
 Listen, indeed. No, no, no, no. I am sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.
 Very amusing indeed.
 Stop it, stop it, I hate you, I loath you, you are overbearing and conceited and utterly impossible.
 You know, you're a vile, ill-tempered, wicked little beast and I hope that I never see you again as long as I live.
 This is the end. Do you hear? The end. Now and forever.
 No, you're not going out like this. No you're not.
 Oh, yes I am.
 Yes I am. Let go of me. I hate you and I loath you. God, I can't believe I just finally realized how you are. I am never marry you. Never. Never, never, never. I would rather die in torment.
 Oh, shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
 I wouldn't marry you again if you came back crawling to me on your hands and knees because you're vile. You're a mean, evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never set eyes on you again.
 Beast or brute cad, swine beast beast brute.
 Is that a demand sir?
 No.  You filled out the back part.  You were supposed to fill out the front portion only.
 What are you talking about?  It says fill out that part.
 I'm not going anywhere.  I'm staying right here.
 Hey,uh-- Well that's too bad cause I'm getting my license right now.
 Hey, no, give me that back.
 -- No.  I'm not waiting...I'm not coming back again.  I don't have time to come back five days.
 Yes I will.  I'll have this [GARBAGE]
 Fine.  Call your supervisor.  Ask supervisor over
 No.  I'm not going anywhere.  I'm staying here-- I am filling out right now okay just calm down. I'm filling out right now-- Just take the god damn piece of paper.
 Okay.  I'm going to call security. Security!
 This entire time you're fighting with me sir, you could've finished the form and already been half way-- No.  Get out.
 I did finish one.  Take it.
 What is wrong with you?
 Hey sweetie.
 Hey.
 Um.
 Uh, -Um
 Why the sad face?
 they need me out there sooner than I thought
 They want to deploy me next week.
 For--
 They said anywhere from two to three years.
 No.
 Do this whole thing by myself?
 Honey you're not going to be by yourself--
 We'll have internet set up, we'll get web cameras and everything.  My whole family's here too.
 Carry her for nine months and then yes.
 It's not the same thing.  It's not like having you here.
 I can't do this.
 You can do it.  Alright?  You can, you can be strong, you can be strong for both of us alright?
 I'm sick of being strong-- --for us.
 I don't know what to do.
 You know I can't say no.
 and watch our child grow, see her take her first steps, her first words.
 Honey after a year I can be back.
 You said two years.
 They want me there two years but I could probably get
 maybe get some vacation-- --once it quiets down there.
 A whole year? --We're not talking about like a couple months here.  I mean this is a whole year.
 I know.  I know.  But they really need some good guys there.
 What could happen in a year?
 And this isn't the first time you know?  I mean you always...sending you off to different places and...
 Well that's the kind of work I'm in honey.
 I don't know if that's how I want to live my life.
 It's just going to be--it's going to go faster than you think.
 Joe I'm serious I don't want to have to have a little girl to tell...asking every day where's daddy, where's daddy and have to tell her that he's away--
 far away and he won't be here.
 You tell her-- [BREATHING]
 I'm done.  I can't honey.
 What do you mean?
 It's over.
 Honey I can't do it anymore.
 I need you here.  Anna needs you.
 yeah.
 Hey.
 Esmeralda, guess what?
 What?
 [LAUGHTER] Guess who just got hitched?
 This guy. Yeah.  Can you believe it? She said yes too. Yeah.  She said yes.
 Okay we were at Chuck E. Cheese.
 Chuck E. Cheese?  Ah, man that is so lame.
 Are you serious [GARBAGE] man?
 Oh like that one movie.  What's that one movie I just saw? No.  Where she like swallows the...
 oh, I don't remember.  Everybody Says I Love You with Drew Barrymore...no you haven't seen it?  Okay.
 [LAUGHTER] So nasty. No you... dirty me?
 Ah...Anyways, so she took the ring and she goes, is this real?  So I was like, of course--
 Sara and I--
 She actually asked if it was real?  I would've probably asked the same thing considering you were in Chuck E. Cheese.
 Come on. It was her birthday.
 She wanted...she always wants something spontaneous.
 Yeah.  That's, you know, okay.
 I couldn't, I couldn't afford the Red Lobster. [LAUGHTER] What anyway?
 Oh god! You are damn cheap, cheap, cheap. Anyways, moving on. It's not like you're poor.  I mean your dad makes... okey
 So Okay then and.
 I got all the character animals to do a conga line,
 dim down the lights and uh, I got on one of the tables pulled her up.
 You had the mouse?
 Isn't it a rat?  It's a rat.  Chuck E. Cheese?
 Yeah.
 Chucky...I don't know.  I don't know. Anyways, I pull her up and I go, I go Sarah
 You're my guiding light, then they put on that song the I've had the time of my life, that song.
 Okay, that is really cheesy Joe.
 Oh that's kind of sweet.
 Wait, wait, wait I want you to marry me?  No, shouldn't you like be more like a question like, would you marry me?  Not like I want you to marry me.  It's like a demand.
 You marry me. I man I Jane, you Tarzan.
 She said sure?
 Sure?  Who says sure?  You say yes...I don't like--
 How long have you guys been going out?
 About two and a half weeks.
 Two and ...  We love each other. Yeah.
 You got to meet her, she's wonderful.
 She just graduated from high school and----she's planning to apply for colleges----and stuff.She's so great.  She has so much life and energy and stuff.
 She must be hot.
 Yeah, she is good-looking.
 I'm twenty eight years old.
 You still act like a boy.  And men take a lot longer to grow----I will tell you.
 I'm so excited.  It's going to be great.
 I'm still working at my parents' restaurant. Busing tables.
 Oh that's great. My mom said we can move in with her again if we run out of money.
 I'm just so tired all the time.
 Well have you been trying to get a job, look for a job or...?
 Well what are you looking for?  I mean--
 Well, okay. Well that's--
 Cause I went to Harvard.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm smarter than half the people I work for.
 Well what'd you major in?
 Oh yeah?  What kind of jobs they got?
 I am...just like a law clerk.
 Well, I'm moving up.  I mean it could be...
 Yeah.  It's alright.  But--
 No.
 Well... If you need something, I mean, you're just going to---can get a temporary thing right now and then look for something--
 -it's going to get better I promise you. You just got to hang in there. Everyone, I mean, you know?
 Maybe I'll just kill myself.
 I was just joking...
 You got to be positive man.  You got to try to just--
 But you got to be real about it.  You have to...
 Sixteen hundred.
 Same difference.
 Twenty-one hundred?
 Like, wow you're really smart we're going to give you an extra [GARBAGE].
 Can I help you sir?
 Yes you can help me.  Where is my luggage?
 Well, let me just check on that for you.  Where are you coming--?
 Yeah.  You do that.  I'm coming from Baltimore.  You know where that is?
 Sir, yes it's in Maryland.  It's okay...well, I'm...just let me check here.
 I had eight hundred pounds of luggage.
 Okay.  Check.
 Is it there?
 Yes.
 Okay and this is direct flight?
 You don't know where we're at?
 God.
 You're at me and I'm going to try to help you out sir but you just have to cooperate with me--
 Okay.  What do you want?
 How many pieces of luggage do you have checked in?
 Eight.  And they're all gone.
 Eight pieces of luggage.  Okay.
 And what are you going to do about it?  You going to call someone?  You going to send me somewhere else?
 It's my mother's funeral tomorrow and the urn is in the suitcase.
 I'm sorry sir.
 Yeah.
 I'm very sorry but let's check on this immediately.  This is definitely an emergency.  It seems--
 Oh, oh, that's a good deduction.
 Yes--it is
 Sherlock Holmes.  God, where's my luggage?
 Calm down?  It's my mother's funeral tomorrow.  I'm the one responsible for this.
 Okay.  We will find your luggage.  Apparently because it somehow...what flight you were taking, you were on Delta?
 What is the matter with you?
 Sir, I just...you need to calm down is what needs to happen right now.
 Don't yell at me.
 Oh my God.  I think a blood vessel burst in my head.
 Please, please
 What?
 Okay.  We can get it here in about seven to ten business days.
 What?  Are you kidding me?
 Yes.  Well, because--
 Give- Give me your manager right now.
 I am the manager sir.
 You're the manager? You don't know where you work for, you don't know where you're at and you're the manager?
 Whose daughter are you?
 Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir
 What is your name?
 My name is Brent Caption.
 Now what are you going to do about it?
 Can I help you sir?
 Okay.  Well let's...well I'm going to go ahead and check on that for you.  You're coming from...where are you coming from?
 Baltimore and this is a direct flight to LAX
 Okay.  Let's look up here
 Okay.  Well you um-...
 What I can do for you is uh we can uh report lost, lost property.
 Yes.
 Well sir, if if...what I believe has happened is most of the flight was left--
 the luggage was left in Baltimore.  Therefore--
 Most of the...
 Like the luggage, the luggage on the flight.
 No actually it was...this is the first time this has ever happened.  I don't know what happened--
 Well, we can give you um- hotel lodging for a night if that--
 I'm going to San Diego tomorrow to stay with my family.  What do I need hotel lodging for hmmm?  Can you tell me that?
 For tonight- For tonight sir.  Would you need to stay somewhere tonight?
 We can do Holiday Inn or...?
 Wow.  Thank you.  Holiday Inn.  Wow.  Thank...the flight cost five hundred dollars.
 Sir I understand that but just--
 Okay, so you can put me in Holiday Inn for twenty dollar a night?
 Did you have your name tags on the luggage?
 Of course I had my name tags on the luggage.
 Okay.  So if you can just give me your name, your name and your address and your phone number I can contact you as soon as we find out more information.
 Soon as you...that's not good enough okay?
 What is your business?
 I work for IBM.
 Okay.  Sir?  I am sorry to tell you this but this does happen. Uh- This is not uh- really,
 I mean, our airline's fault.  I don't know what happened, misplaced, something happened but we will get you--
 You misplace a lot of, eight pieces of luggage.
 Well, the entire flight, sir, the luggage was placed on another plane that never actually left Baltimore.
 Uh no I'm not.
 Are you kidding me?
 Who are you going to fire because of that?
 Well we have some people back there that need some firing so, but I would just really appreciate--
 Wow.  This has never happened before.  I've not lost,
 in all thousand flights I've been on probably I can't even count how many flights I've been on.  This has never happened before.
 This is the worst customer service I've ever gotten before.
 Okay.  Get on the phone and figure out where my luggage is and tell me when it's going to get there alright?
 And and, in about...
 Can you get it to the San Diego airport?  You get someone to drive it to my place alright? Then I get a refund for some...I get a free flight alright? I get free whatever.
 Yes sir, Yes.
 We can have them direct your luggage to San Diego.
 Uh--
 Some refreshments in the lobby?
 Some peanuts?  Wow.  That helps a lot.
 Thanks you, thank you I don't have my luggage so you gave me a Holiday Inn stay and peanuts.  Wow.  You know what?
 I will never do business with Delta again.
 How's it going?  How are you feeling?
 I ah--
 alright.
 Hanging in there?
 Yeah.
 So sad.
 It just feels like I was talking to him yesterday.
 Yeah.
 You guys were real close huh?
 He was my only friend growing up.
 no one else would talk to me but he would.
 He was supposed to be the best man at my wedding.
 I'm so sorry.
 Yeah.
 You know I was always the one to tell him to be more wild you know?
 And he just took it overboard.
 What happened?  What went wrong?
 You know a stupid case of drunk driving it's just...
 and the worst part of it is that he was in the car with his girlfriend,
 his girlfriend got killed too.
 Oh man.
 And the car that he hit was his family.
 How are they?
 The mother and father died--
 and the kids are paralyzed in a coma right now.
 and just going to the funeral it's-
 -do I miss him or do I hate him, you know?
 Yeah.  Like I mean if you need anyone to talk to or anything I'm here for you okay?
 We're all here for you.
 I was supposed to see him last summer
 then I got busy with work and stuff and three years go by
 and then something like this happens you know?
 I mean I haven't even talked to him on the phone for the past three months.
 He's supposed to be my best friend.
 I know.
 just things happen in life and you just...there's just no explanation you know?  We just don't...
 It's so fucked up.
 Yeah.
 I'm so sorry.
 Why is that?
 He was studying to be a doctor.
 I mean he was...he wanted to help people in poor countries, that is his goal.  He didn't care about the money.  He just wanted to go and help people.
 What the...what am I doing?
 Working for corporate America?  Wow.
 He actually wanted to do something.
 Well now you can follow his footsteps, you know?  Carry out what he wanted to do.
 I can't do that.
 Well sure you could.
 You should've met him.
 He is the greatest...everyone liked him.
 Yeah.
 I would've loved to.
 Now I can't.
 Hey.  How's it going?  I haven't seen you in awhile.
 What's going on Joe?
 Guess who got into U.S.C.?
 Me. Yeah, I did.
 Yeah.
 I got into the...
 I got into cinema production.
 Yeah.
 No.  It's like it's harder than getting into Harvard.
 What does that mean?
 You're going to be here and I'm going to be in LA so we can be together now.  I mean we can be in the same city.
 Holy shit...
 We can party.  We can have fun.
 This will be like high school but even better.
 Yeah.  Hopefully it won't be like high school.
 Oh man I am so proud of you, that is...how did you get...I mean what did you do?  How did you find out or what...?
 I have some bad news.  I was like what?  She's like not really you got into U.S.C. and I was like, I was like oh my God.  I was about to tear my own hair out.
 Oh man.
 Yeah.  This is so crazy.  I mean I didn't get into any other school but I got into the school I wanted.
 Did you say yes yet?  I mean have you sent in your answer?
 Oh my God the first minute I got it I sent it back in.
 All right.
 So...
 This is so great, you know, because I gone fit on downtown so I'm going to be like right here.  I think I'm going to be living at City Lights downtown.
 This is so exciting.  This is like a new chapter in our lives.
 Yeah, it really is.
 We're doing what we want to do, then four years later we're going to be working professionals, making money, sipping martinis every day.
 Man I'm just so happy for you.  I just--
 Thank you
 Well, I'm happy for you but I'm happy for me cause that means you're going to stay.
 And tonight my parents want to take me out to sushi and they said I could bring you.
 Oh great. I would love to go.
 Yeah and they said get whatever you want and...
 Mmmm some miso soup.
 Some miso soup.  You can get whatever.  You can get a vat full of miso soup.  God.
 This is going to be so great.  I have so many great ideas.
 It took them, oh man, it took them like, I mean what it's like April now and any letters that come in April are usually the rejection letters so I was just like...
 Oh my God.  I am so proud of you.
 Hello.  This is Viacom Services.  How can I help you?
 I'm sorry ma'am, what can I help you with?
 Okay.  Can you give me the last four digits of your social security number so I can verify who I'm speaking with?
 two two six six.
 Okay.  And your name is?
 Olivia. Um. Okay.  So how long has this problem been?
 So what exactly is the problem?
 Um- I think part of it has to do with the network being down.  It's been having some trouble the last few weeks--
 I understand--we're not-
 No.  Okay.  We're not charging you for any of these months.  We're going to give you three months free.
 We can give you a new phone--
 We can do that.  We can do that.  You just have to sign a one-year contract though with the--
 You sign the contract and then down the line the phone doesn't work and you're stuck, you can't go to a new...no.  No contracts for me.  You give me a new phone.
 I want to talk to a supervisor
 I would like to talk to your supervisor.  Obviously you're incompetent and don't understand what I'm asking.
 Um- Let me connect you to my supervisor.  Actually, he's out right now so I'm supervisor until he comes back. Um-
 So you could----speak with me some more, you could call back later on maybe.
 Mmm hmmm.  Mmm hmmm.  The power outages, everything, hurricane Katrina. Everything's really messed up.
 This is ridiculous.Well what are we supposed to do?  We starve then because I can't use my phone cause
 I am a realtor and this is my business.  People are calling me all the time but you know, and I don't have a land line.  I can't afford to have a land line
 don't you-
 I'm really sorry ma'am.  There's not----a lot we can do for it.
 That you better be sorry.
 What I can do for you, if you want to make a call right now I could contact you through our computer.  I can call through my phone and you can speak through me.
 I'm sorry it has to do with an electrical power outage and stuff--
 Well, okay I'm going to give you a free phone card that you can use at any payphone and that's on us. Okay?
 I'm, I'm sorry you chose to live there um--
 Well I'm sure maybe there's a phone at work you could use.
 All right um--
 My name is Sara.
 Sara Brown.
 You know maam, we record this conversation so anything you say can be proven in a law of court so keep that in mind.
 Hello?
 I'm sorry ma'am.  What's the nature of your problem?  But first can I get you to tell me your first and last name?
 I know I just need to verify every time.  I'm sorry.
 Alright Ms. Brown what's the nature of your problem?
 Oh.  I'm sorry. Um- Did you drop it in water?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah you better be sorry.
 No I did not drop my phone in water.  I'm not five years old and just dropped my phone anywhere I see it.  Okay this is my business.
 Um- well it's probably easy.  Can you any more symptoms either you're not receiving calls----ok, you're not receiving calls, not getting calls.
 Is the phone turned on?
 Well, um- okay.  Your sim card is in- didn't fall out-
 Alright.  Um- Well that could be the problem. cause--
 you might have an older phone where we would use sim cards but probably not.
 Okay.  How about this we'll send you a brand new camera phone with palm pilot-- and-
 So we'll send it- And we'll give you, how about a free year's service?
 Tell them my name.  My name is Brent Backersen.
 Okay.  Tell them my - my ID number is two one three five.
 Tell them that.  You can go in, get a brand new phone, they'll hook you up with service even give you a free three months--
 It will be free.  No contract okay?
 Go in there, yeah, go in there.  Tell them Brent Backersen sent you.
 the top of the line camera phone, game boy, anything you want. For free. And palm pilot.
 They might only have orange.
 Okay.  They can figure out pink for you.  So go in there and just tell them that and they'll hook you up with other goodies, stuff like that free service, no contract, no nothing.  Just for being a good customer
 and battling through with us.
 Alright. Well-  I guess - I guess that's okay but,
 Yes.  You just tell them Brent Backersen sent you.
 Okay.
 Alright?  Great.  Have a nice evening.
 Alright Thanks.
 What's he going to say?  Maybe we ought to talk to him before he sees it.
 He saw it.
 He was out there when it happened.
 About four in the morning.  I heard a crack and I looked out and he was standing right there when it happened.
 I don't know. But after it cracked he ran back into the house and he cried in the kitchen.
 Did you talk to him?
 No.  I figured the best thing to do was leave him alone.
 He cried hard?
 I could hear it right through the floor.
 I guess he is.
 He's getting just like he did after he died, you know?  What, what, what's the meaning of this?
 I don't know.  But I know one thing mom, we made a terrible mistake with dad.
 You know that Larry's not coming back and I know that too.  Why we both go on letting him think that we both believe with him.
 Why shouldn't he walk around and dream at him at night.  Walk around.  Why shouldn't he walk around?  Why shouldn't he dream of him, walk around at night waiting for him?  Do we contradict him?  Do we say flat out that we don't have anymore hope?
 That we haven't had any hope for years now?
 No.  It's his god damned newspapers is what it is.  Now every month there's a new boy comes home and Larry's going to be the next one.
 You know why I asked Annie here, right?
 Why?
 I want to ask her to marry me.
 Well what do you want me to do?  I mean, you're old enough to know your own mind.
 Okay.  So then it's alright.  I'll go ahead with it.
 Well, I mean, you got to make sure your dad's not going--
 Oh see then it's just not my business. God you infuriate me sometimes.  Isn't my business too if dad throws a fit?  Huh?  God you have such a talent for ignoring things.
 Well to hell with that.
 Did you ask Annie yet?
 I wanted to get this settled first.
 Then I guess that's the end of it.
 But from her letters I think she's forgotten him.  I'll find out.
 And then we'll thrash it out with dad right?  Mom, don't avoid me.
 Look, you never had seen many, many women.  You know?  I mean...
 I've given it three years of thought and I thought that if I waited then dad would forget about Larry and then we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.
 But if I can't have that here I'll get out.
 I'll get out.  I'll marry her somewhere else.  Maybe New York.
 I've been a good son too long.  A good sucker and I'm through with it.
 You're just going to leave the business?  You have a business here.  You can't do that.
 The business doesn't inspire me.
 Yes.  I like it an hour out of the day.  If I have to grub for money all day long at least at evening I want it beautiful.  I want a family.  I want a wife.  I want some kids.  I want to build something I can give myself to.
 Tell me something.  You can leave this business?
 Yes.  On this I would.
 I mean what the hell have we worked for then?  I mean, it's all for you Chris.  The whole shooting match is for you.
 I know.  Just you help me stay here.
 I am thinking like that.
 I don't understand you do I?
 No you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.
 Yeah.  I can see that.
 Why did he invite her here?
 Well she's been away for three and a half years in New York and suddenly she just shows up.
 Well maybe, maybe he just wanted to see her.
 Who said he even thought about that?
 Well, so what?
 No.  She's not his girl Joe and she knows that.
 How do you know why she's waited?  Hmmm?
 I mean, her faith is stronger than a rock.
 My worst times I think about her, you know, and I
 it's like I know as long as she's waiting I'm right again.
 No.  Nobody in my house better dare and challenge her faith.  You know and maybe strangers but not his father, not his brother.
 Laugh, laugh at me but I will.  Because you know what happened when she came here?  When she came back she slept in his room, the memorial broke into pieces. Joe, look. Look at it. You got to believe with me.
 Look, it was just last week that Detroit, some boy came back he had been away longer than Larry, you can read it for yourself. You above all people have got to believe.
 Alright, alright, calm yourself okay?  Calm yourself. Wait, wait.  What do you mean, me above all?
 Wait, what does that mean?  Me above all?
 Look at you, you're shaking.
 I can't help it.
 What do I got to hide?  Huh?  What the hell's the matter with you Kate?
 You're not sorry you came?
 No.  I'm not sorry.  But I'm not going to stay.
 Look,
 you saw the way that she acted and then well, I mean, you, you were acting kind of...
 What?
 Well, I don't know, embarrassed of her since I came.
 I mean, that's the reason why I asked you here.
 Well,
 I love you.
 I guess that's why I came.
 Look, I've been ready for a long, long time now.
 Look, I almost got married two years ago.
 You started to write me.
 You felt something that far back.
 Every day since.
 I was waiting for you Chris, I mean, till then you never wrote and then when you did what did you say?
 You'd always be so ambiguous.
 Give me a kiss Ann, just give me...
 Oh God.  Annie, I kissed Annie.  I kissed Annie.
 I'll never forgive you for that.
 I mean,  Why did you wait all these years?  There I was sitting around and wondering if I was crazy for thinking about you.
 We're going to live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.
 Not like that you're not.
 Nothing.  Hey, let's drive somewhere.  I want to be alone with you.
 You remember overseas I was in command of a company?
 Well I lost them.
 How many?
 Just about all.
 Geez.
 Takes a little while to toss that off cause they weren't just men.
 For instance, one time this...it had been raining several days and this one kid, he came up to me, he gave me his last pair of dry socks, put them in my pocket.
 That's just a little thing but that's the kind of guys I had.  They didn't just die, they killed themselves for each other and I mean that exactly.
 A little more selfish and they'd still be here today.  And I got this idea watching them go down.  See everything was being destroyed but there was one new thing that was being created.
 It was a kind of responsibility, man for man.  You understand me?
 And to show that and to bring that onto the earth again like some sort of monument standing right behind all of us and we could feel it and it would make a difference to him.
 And then I came here and it was incredible.  There was no meaning in it here.  The whole thing to them was a kind of bus accident.
 And I went to work with dad and that rat race again and I felt what you said, ashamed.  Somehow because nobody was changed at all.
 It seemed to make a sucker out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive.  I felt wrong to have that new checkbook,
 open that new bank account, drive the new car and see the new refrigerator
 cause you can take those things out of the war.  But you got to know, when you drive that car that it came out of the love that a man can have for a man and you got to be a little bit better because of that.
 Otherwise what you have is loot and there's blood on it.
 And I didn't want to take any of it and I guess that included you.
 And you still feel that way?
 that includes me too, I mean and the money, you have right to that money.  Your father put planes up in the air, good planes and he deserves it, you should be proud of that.  A man should be paid for that.
 Annie I'm going to make a fortune for you.
 What am I going to do with a fortune?
 Buy some hats?
 Hey, what time is it?  This pokes around midnight right?  God this is great isn't it?
 Look at the night we got.  I wouldn't trade this for anything.
 You know actually I wanted to go a little further up the coast and get away from all the lights and people but I was afraid you'd miss it.  How are you doing?
 Is that, is that, nah, is that just Paul?  I can't even tell.
 But if I can't tell, it probably isn't them isn't it?  Probably would be unmistakable wouldn't you think?  How are you doing?
 Oh, you know what I forgot?  I forgot my flashlight.  How could I be so stupid?  I should've brought my flashlight.
 Yes.
 God.  Oh, you know what would be good right about now?  A six-pack.  A six-pack would be just the ticket.
 I'm so stupid, I should've brought a six-pack.  God, I'm like a little kid.  It's amazing I get out of the house with my fly zipped up. Oh- [LAUGHTER]
 I wonder if they can hear us talk?  Or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?
 Do you want my jacket?
 Honey, this is a natural phenomenon.  It only happens once a year.  I mean think about the people in Kansas, they would have to get hotel reservations and plane tickets to come and see this.  We're only forty minutes away.  This is too good to pass up.
 Well this is like the highlight, the one night of their lives and that flopping around, that's laying eggs or spawning or mating or whatever you call it.
 But this is the big night for these guys.  Their last, life's last orgy.
 Yeah they do.
 Okay.  But it's fish that do something that no other fish do.  Like the swallows in Capistrano or the Lemmings that throw themselves off the cliffs, there's magic here and some mystery and a little bit of unexplainable.
 I'm just not.
 Look, is that...no is that just seaweed?
 You know, this is great isn't it?  You know, I wouldn't trade this for anything.
 I mean, think about this, I know you're not interested but just think about this for a minute.
 Somewhere out there, there's this huge silver mass of fish heading this way, they don't why, we don't know why, they just some little instinctual fire cracker went off in their bodies...
 ...like and they all just turned at once and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming this way.  They didn't, you know, they didn't make a decision, they didn't, you know, have boats or anything.  No one sent them an invitation or a map, they just started swimming as if that's the only thing that matters.
 It's single mindedness with no mind.  It's urgency that's pure urge and they don't, they don't ask it a question, they don't give it a name, they just swim.
 They just start swimming to this place right here where we stand for massive celebration of sex and death.
 Oh, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  Look, all my hairs are standing up.
 [BREATHING] So what do you think?
 About what I just said?
 So what do you think?
 About what?
 It's ridiculous.
 It's PR.  I mean, somebody sold you a good bill about this wonderful event that going to happen on the beach.
 Yeah.  Everyone else was sold the same thing.  I mean, look, it keeps us excited, it keeps us coming back for more and you know, keeps us thinking life's going to start any minute now.
 Look, I'm sorry but it's still just fish to me.
 Okay.  Twice is as many times as we've tried and that's ever.
 Augie, god dammit, don't ask me that.  You always ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  It's insulting.
 Listen, I've waiting my entire life on this beach just standing there waiting for this fish to show up and these fish never show up.
 Well, we're going to see it.
 No we won't.  I mean, God, this isn't about the fish Augie.
 Let's see I took a shower, you were watching the news, you said hey, hey the Grunions are running tonight and I said great let's go, I feel lucky tonight.
 We thought I was pregnant.
 Wait a minute.  I've got it.
 It was in the car right?  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker...
 And you said let's get some champagne and I said time's a wasting or something like that.
 You want this to be like the other time right?  That's it right?
 I'd rather not remember something...
 Rather not hope for something.
 No.
 I want things to turn out the way that they're supposed to be.
 Welcome to the human race.
 Do you think that this is what I had in mind?  That four years down the line that we'd get married and come to the beach and argue with each other over fish?  No.
 I was just like you.  I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and everything great and the sand in our toes and the wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'd have three big fat rosy kids...
 ...and you know?  Baby the jokes on us.  Because you know what you get?  Do you know what you get Carla?  You get this.
 Yes it is.
 Right.
 Cause everything isn't anything like I thought it would be.
 This is just this.  You know?  I mean it's a lot and everything but it isn't somewhere else.  Do you know what I'm trying to say?
 I know you are Augie.  I know you wanted this evening to be nice.
 I can't help thinking about being somewhere else.
 Maybe if you were with someone else too.
 I didn't say that.
 I know.  But I know I don't make you happy.
 Augie, whatever I'm doing I'd rather be doing with you.
 If anybody wants to be with anybody else it's probably you.  Probably somebody who enjoys herself a little more and is not so hard.
 Well, I guess this is the wrong spot for the right people.
 I mean look at the view of the moon we got from here.
 Yeah.  I noticed that.  It's real pretty on the water.
 Hey, look what we got here.
 Oh you brought refreshments.
 No I'm beginning to think you might be right.
 I think this may be the place for us after all.
 I am sorry Augie.
 Shh.  If we're very quiet the fish might come.
 Or not.
 Or not.
 Now and always sweet.
 I don't care then.
 I mean, it was, it's bound to come out sooner or later.
 That sent shivers up my spine.
 No, wrong number.
 Behave exquisitely.
 That's serious enough.
 I didn't hit you very hard.
 Yes.  The real cause of that rile was Peter Burden.
 Oh, come on, you knew there was nothing in that.
 Presents?  A trivial little broach.
 You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
 No I didn't.  You made up the whole thing in your jealous imagination.
 You must admit he was in love with you.
 Just a little perhaps but nothing serious.
 You let him kiss you. You said so.  What of it?
 Well it didn't harm him, in fact, it pleasured him a lot and it didn't hurt me.
 And what about me?
 Oh, that's a nice point of view I must say.
 Yeah, so am I.  Bored stiff.
 You want some brandy?
 I'll have a little I think.
 I don't know why you want it.  You've already had two glasses.
 No particular reason.  Anyhow they were very small ones.
 I don't see what you have to go on and on with this kind of thing.
 Oh my...just because I just...okay...
 It's become a habit with you.
 You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want any yourself at the moment.
 What?
 No, just making myself beautiful for you.
 That's the woman's job to lure the man.  Watch me a moment won't you?
 Actually that's perfectly true.
 Yes it is.
 I think that
 Adders don't snap, they sting.
 They sting.
 Mind your business.
 You're quite insufferable.  I expect it's because you're drunk.
 I'm not in the least bit drunk.
 You've always had a weak head.
 Okay, like I mentioned before I had three very small, minute liquor glasses of brandy.  That's not even enough to get a child of two drunk.
 On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk off just one glass of brandy.
 Oh, what an interesting topic.  What about a child of four and a child of six?  A child of nine?
 Shut up.
 We might be able to bring up a splendid little debate about this intemperate tots.
 Not very funny dear.  In fact, maybe you better have some more brandy.
 Oh, thanks.  I think I will.
 You better turn that off.
 They are away in Tunis.
 No I'll do no such thing.
 Very well.  If you insist on being a boorish and idiotic.
 Come on, turn it off.  It's driving me mad.
 You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.
 Turn it--Turn it off.
 Go away.  Go away.  I hate you.
 Very amusing indeed.
 I hate you.  Listen I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.
 You know what?  You're a vile, little, evil-minded, little, wicked beast and I never want to see you again.
 This is the end.  Understand?  This is the end, here and now, forever and always.
 You're not going nowhere. No you're not.
 Oh, yes I am. Yes I am and you can't stop me.
 Just shut up.
 shut up. shut up.  I would-I would never marry you again if you came crawling back to me on your hands and knees because you're an evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never see you again.
 Listen, you're a cruel fiend and I hate, loathe you.  Thank God finally, finally thank God I've realized just how horrible you are--and marry you?  Marry you?  Never. I will never marry you.  I will die die in torment-
 Beast. Brute. Cad. Swine. Beast. Beast. Brute. Devil. Sorry.
 Oh.
 I did exactly what they told me to do.
 I've got a life too ma'am
 There's nothing I can do for you.  Do you understand that?  Nothing.
 I've been to the back of the line five times.
 You're going to have to go back again.
 Okay.  What is it that I did wrong on the form that I have to start all over again?
 Okay.  Well, I can do that right here right now without going to the back of the line again.  See look initialed.  All done. Ready to go.
 Ma'am I have other people waiting in line right now.  I have other people waiting in line right now.
 I'm not starting over again.  No I have done this five times.  I am not starting over again.
 I mean look she's -she's perfectly nice.  She doesn't mind waiting for a couple of minutes because I've been here all day. I have a job to get back to.  I have kids to pick up from school.  I can't just stay here.
 like I said before right now.
 This is your job is to help people like me who need to get a new license.
 You're testing my goddamn patience.
 I'm testing your patience?
 I work in this fucking building all day. And I'm sick of it, okay?
 I don't need to be.  I need to go and do other things with my time.  Okay.
 Please just put the form in, take the picture, let me get my license and get the hell out of here.  Please.
 So you're leaving tomorrow.
 Yeah.  They just called.
 This is really-this is unfair.
 I know.
 I don't know what to say.  I don't want to go but I don't have a lot of choice.
 And, uh, I'm afraid that if you, you know, when you leave, you won't come back.
 I'm going to come back.  I need you to believe that.
 Well you have to have faith because I don't have a choice and I have to go.
 Do you think I want to leave you?
 I have to do this.  I don't want to leave.  Do you think I want to miss seeing her grow up?
 And now- and now it's really shitty timing but now I have to go.
 What's that supposed to mean?
 I mean we can't-we're not a complete family without you here.
 Well I'll come back.  What is that supposed to mean?  You're not willing to wait for me to come back?
 That's all I'm saying... No you don't.
 Thanks that helps.
 I feel much better now.
 You're acting like, you know, you're the one who's going all through, you know, all this shit and it's really- it's really not.
 Yeah.  Of course I do because I didn't enlist in this stupid thing.  Why don't you just get out now and then-
 That's how you want to leave it?
 I don't know how else to leave it.  What, do you want me to lie to you?
 You want me tell you that I'm okay with it?
 I want you to be okay with it as much as you can be.  I mean it's not a great situation but we don't have an option here.
 Well I can't be okay with it the same way you can't not go.  It just doesn't work that way.
 Fine.
 I have something to tell you.
 What?  You seem so excited.
 It's really exciting.  Don't you want to guess?
 Uh, you got a new car, a new house. Uh, a dog.
 Look.
 Yes.  He finally proposed.  I'm getting married.
 Holy shit that's amazing.
 I know. I'm so-
 Congratulations.
 Thank you. [LAUGHTER]
 I'm invited, right.
 You think. [LAUGHTER]
 Well actually we were just talking about today and I don't really want to do like the traditional church thing, you know.  So we are going to get married in the meadow.
 We're going to get married in the middle of a meadow. [LAUGHTER]
 Everybody's going to come up. We're going to stay in all the pretty cabins up there and, um, everybody's going to have, you know, really flowery sort of naturey stuff.
 So pretty.
 Very Midsummer Night's wedding.
 Thanks. Thanks a lot.  You're really helping the Excitement here. I hope no one dies.
 Okey Well- well-, you know what?  I was hoping that you would help
 plan everything.  So then you can make sure that no one gets attacked by bears.
 Yeah.  I'll help plan.
 Yeah?
 Really?
 Okay.  It's going to be in, like, six months.  So we don't have a really long time.
 Why not browns?
 It's a light brown, tanish.
 I just think browns are really what you want to go with.  I mean I think there's more contrast between brown and green than there is-
 I know but you just asked me to-
 Okay.  Fine.  So green and what?
 Blue?
 Okay, fine. Greens and blues.
 Greens and blues and maybe a little light yellow?
 Yeah?
 Throw in a little- little, uh, trim in yellow.  Maybe some yellow flowers.
 Okay.  That sounds good. Um, and, uh, we're going to get like a five, uh, story cake, right?
 I mean, you know, you're going to have at least, like, two hundred and fifty people come.  So we're going to need, you know, just a huge buffet.
 Yes.
 Fried chicken, mashed potatoes.
 because you're going to take care of everything.  You're going to think of all the details that I forget.
 Well I can't be in charge of this.  I mean I got things I got to do.
 Well this is really exciting.  I mean- I just- I couldn't be happier right now.
 I'm thrilled.  God.
 Ha ha ha.
 Ha ha.
 Just ecstatic.  I can't believe you're my best friend
 Just couldn't be any cooler.
 You're my best friend, we're growing up and now you're getting married. that's amazing
 I know.  I've been waiting forever.  I can't believe it's finally happening.
 Wow.  I just- I- I- I feel like I'm going to faint.
 I'm so- all the blood
 You don't look like you're going to faint.
 has just rushed to my head, and I, and I mean honestly.
 I'm getting a little weak in the knees.
 So- So when are you getting married Mr. Excited?
 You haven't ruined it yet.
 You really like
 I don't know.  Okay.  I mean gosh.  There's just- look there's a lot of pressure in getting married, okay.
 You could make her that excited.  You really like her.  You guys have been together for a really long time now.
 [LAUGHTER] That's more than I needed to know.
 [laughter]
 That's helpful.
 Well I guess you're not trying hard enough.
 Just, I don't know, maybe you're not smart enough.
 I mean I don't know just go out and keep trying. Just-
 I don't know.
 Hey.  Look, I mean- you know.
 I'm really good at what I do.  I just don't know how to make someone else see that.
 Look bananas don't grow overnight.  Okay.
 What?  Who says that?  Bananas don't grow overnight.
 You need that- Time-
 You know- You need to just- you need, I mean it takes time to get a good job.  I mean-
 look at me, like, you know. I mean, Hey, I- it took me, you know, like six years to get where I am now. I mean-
 Yeah but you weren't unemployed for three years trying to find any job.  I mean at this point I'm going to go drive a cab or, you know, work at the gas station or something.  I don't even- I don't know what to do anymore.
 Clearly everything you're doing is completely wrong.
 I mean, well I mean i don't know; it doesn't really affect my life, you know.
 Yeah, I understand, but-
 I don't even- I mean you have to have some kind of an idea.  Something you could possibly throw out there that I could maybe use.
 I don't know. Well like, I don't know. I mean-
 I mean it's not like this is an
 extreme request.  I want to find a job.  Everybody wants to find a job. It's really not that.
 Clearly- cle- clearly you're doing something wrong.
 Okay. Okay, Fine.
 'Cause if you've been looking, you've been applying for jobs for three years. And-
 Okey So I'm doing something wrong.  What am I doing wrong?
 I'm really good at what I do.  I'm smart.  I'm trained.  I have the education.  I'm talented.  I cannot-
 Are you- I mean do you like get dressed up and everything when you go to the job interview?
 And you like- you know, you shave your legs and everything?
 and I want- I mean you know you've got to, like, do your hair.  I mean- I don't know, it's like,
 you know what I mean? You know, it's like they say presentation is, like eighty percent.
 or some- some large percent of- of success.
 Because I don't know I mean just, you know, just keep- keep- keep at it.  Keep trying.  Go-
 Well you- just you're doing something wrong.
 Hey, I'd love to help you but I- you don't have the kind of training that I-
 Well you've got to start somewhere.  I mean-
 What's my problem?  What's my problem? I don't have a job.
 I don't know it's like I'm trying to be-
 I thought I was pretty clear about what the problem was.
 I'm trying to be helpful.
 I'm trying to watch TV.
 Lost it just, like, I mean,
 it's not like it just disappeared into thin air. Somebody wasn't paying attention
 because my bag was very easy to keep track of.  It's got big, you know, rainbow colored crap all over it and no one was paying attention because now it's just gone.
 No. No. I heard- I heard what you said.
 You're kidding me, right.  You're going to give me fifty dollars to completely cover my bag, everything that was in it, the inconvenience that I've gone through.  I paid for my ticket.  All I expect is to safely get to my destination with my stuff.  Is that so much to ask?  I mean I really don't think that's that big a deal to ask you guys to have my bag in the place where I leave and then put my bag where I end up.
 Yeah, well that's got everything I have in it.
 Look fifty dollars is unacceptable.  My bag itself cost over a hundred and fifty dollars.  You can't just give me fifty dollar gift certificate to Percoes or whatever the hell and then send me off like that's- that's good enough.  Like that's all I needed was fifty dollars.  My bag is worth more than that.
 I expect your airline who was responsible for my bag to give me the equivalent of the bag and all of the things in it.
 I didn't sign anything. I didn't sign anything. And you people have got to make-
 You have to make amends for what you did for losing my bag and all of my stuff.  Fifty dollars is unacceptable.
 No.  No.  I don't know. You know what? I'm going to call my lawyer. You know what?  That's what I'm going to do.  I'm going to call my lawyer and have him get down here and explain to you that this is an unacceptable option.
 I want to talk to your supervisor.
 I've had enough.  I want to talk to-no, no unacceptable I want to your supervisor. I am done with this.
 Really, you don't work for anybody.  It's just you?
 Okay.  Well I want to call whoever you report to, whoever your boss is because I have had enough with this airline and I am finished waiting for my fifty dollar gift certificate.
 Hey, I'm, uh. I'm really sorry about what happened.  I don't um- I mean what you can you do?  I mean it's-
 Thanks.
 When I was seven, my- my grandmother died and I really- I don't know, I mean it was really hard to let go but the important thing is- is that you do let go and your realize that, you know, they- you know, they- this person had fun while they were- while they were here and, uh, you know, you work- you work through it.
 You know it's just, I just, you know, I mean it just happened.  I just, like- I just keep expecting him to walk in, you know.
 Mmhmm. Yeah.  Yeah.  I mean it's- it's hard.  It's hard.
 I just- I just thought he would have longer, you know, because I'm- I mean when he found out he was sick, we knew that wasn't good but I just- I just thought that it would take longer, you know?
 Yeah.
 Well I mean, you know, I mean it was I mean with that kind of condition,
 Yeah. I know. I know.
 you know, it's inevitable  and I mean honestly it's- it's almost like
 you know, you don't- you know, how long do you want the person to go through that, you know.
 It's sort of- it's almost better off to rest in peace than he is to live in pain.
 Yeah, I know. But I'd rather have him here with me, you know. It's just not fair.  I mean he- he didn't get to do like anything. I mean he was-
 He was only twenty four and just so many things that we were going to do, you know, and now he won't get to do them and he won't get to be here when I do.  You know, like I'll get married some day and he won't be there, like, he won't get to see that.
 Yeah.
 It just doesn't seem fair.
 It's not fair but I mean that's, you know, the course of life is that, you know, you meet people and you lose them.
 You're okay
 Thank you for being here.
 You know I think- I think we should celebrate because I think that's what he would have wanted.
 [LAUGHTER] You're probably right.  He probably would be pissed if we were all sitting around being upset about it. He'd want us to have a party.
 Yeah.
 And to drink in his honor. [LAUGHTER]
 That's right.  That's right.  I mean he would want us to, you know, celebrate the life that he- that he lived and, you know, enjoy the rest of ours as much as we can.
 Yeah, I know.
 So-
 Hey, what's up?
 Guess what came today?
 What?
 My acceptance letter.
 From U.S.C..
 Yes, I am.
 Well yeah, that's the general idea. [LAUGHTER]
 That's awesome.  Congratulations.
 Big bad acceptance packet with all the information.  I'm going to U.S.C..
 That's amazing.  Wow.
 I know. [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER] Yeah, uh. No.
 [LAUGHTER] It's safe around there.
 The campus is beautiful. I'm so excited.
 I know but you should get like a taser or something.  I mean walking around the campus at night-
 Do you want to buy me some mace for my, you know, going away present?
 There we go.  Perfect.
 And a taser.  Excellent.  Just make sure it's a big knife.
 I don't want any of those little puny ones.
 So, um- so what are you going to- what are you going to major in?
 Well I was thinking maybe underwater basket weaving.
 U.S.C. has a major in that, right.
 They have - U.S.C. has everything because U.S.C. is the best school ever.
 they have that as a major?
 That's ridiculous.  I don't believe that.
 Okay.  Well I'm lying but-
 Seriously, what's your major?
 Well, I haven't decided yet.  I want to try some things out.
 So you're undecided?
 Hey, that's cool.
 No, no.  It's totally cool.  I mean, like, this friend of mine he was- he's been undecided now for, like, the past like eleven years of his life.
 okay.  Well I'm not going to be undecided forever. [LAUGHTER]
 Uh, well-
 And it's so close so you can come visit me all the time.
 You- you- you'll find.
 So this works out perfectly.  Because I was worried if I didn't get in to U.S.C., then I would have to go somewhere far away and then-
 You'd have to, like go somewhere else, and, you know, we would be apart, and that would suck.
 Everything worked out perfectly.
 That's awesome.
 I know.  We should have a party.
 An I got accepted to U.S.C. party.
 No.  An I got accepted to U.S.C. party. [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, that's right. Okay, I see. Right, right, right.
 A party celebrating your acceptance.
 Right.  Now you're with me.
 That's cool.
 That is why I got accepted.
 Well, that's really cool that you're going to be staying in the same city and everything. so umm
 I know.
 I don't know are you, like, I don't know.  Are you, like, available or anything?
 Well I mean I don't know.  It's like you know I kind of had a crush on you throughout high school and, like
 I don't know I just thought that, you know, maybe we could, you know, I don't know.  It's like, you know, just test the waters anyway.  I don't see what the problem is.
 What- what did you have in mind?
 Movies- movie, we'll go to a movie and a dinner and- and
 actually, you know, there's this- there's this really cool restaurant, um, I don't know if you-  it's Red Lobster.  It's like down on
 [LAUGHTER]
 Vermont.
 Wait, you've been there before?
 On occasion I've heard of it.
 Oh, so well then you know that it's awesome.
 Yeah.  Totally.
 Right, so we'll go there and then- and then we'll get some ice cream and maybe we'll go putt-putt golfing.
 I am totally down with the ice cream.
 Okay.  Putt-putt golfing?
 Eh, we can work that part out.
 Yeah, you want to go.  No, you want to go. You want to go.
 Alright.
 I can see it in your eyes.  You want to go.
 party.
 Good. Alright we're so happy.
 That's right.  Um, so U.S.C. is a really nice school.
 I know.
 Are you going to take out loans or-
 Okay well that's not a happy part.  We don't want to talk about that.
 Well no.  I mean I have some scholarships and some financial aid and stuff but I'll have to, you know, I'll get a job
 while I'm in school.  It'll be good.
 Yeah.  It will work out.  Maybe I could work at Red Lobster.
 I know.  Right down the street.
 But, um-
 I mean, like, I don't know.  I'm just saying if you need to make some extra cash.  You can, you know
 Or library.
 I just said the library
 or, um, campus cruiser.  You can drive people around.
 Excellent.  Drive drunk people around because you know that's all campus cruisers for.
 Right or you can run for student counsel.
 Okay.  No, that's dorky.
 Dorky?
 Yeah.
 It's important.
 Student counsel?
 No, it's dorky.
 Fine.  It's dorky.
 Social life.  Hello.
 But that'll fit you  because you're a dork.
 [LAUGHTER].
 [LAUGHTER].
 I dork.
 No.  But I'm thinking I might, you know, like audition for a play or something.  I don't really want to do the sorority thing.  I'm not really feeling that vibe with the
 Yeah, you don't want to do the sorority thing because you'll probably get used and abused by
 lots of drunk frat boys
 Yeah.
 What have you heard about the Greek system?
 I mean it's not really free because you have to pay for it, but yeah.
 Well do you think you're going to live on campus or off campus your first year?
 I hate to break this to you but you meet people by being cool, so-
 Oh, oh, I'm sorry, my bad.  I'll have to, like, sign up for summer lessons from you before I go.  You can teach me how to be cool before I go to college.
 No, no, no.  You're right though.  I mean, you know, dorms are definitely the way to meet people.  I know that I was in an apartment off campus
 that happened, you know, that was going on.
 That's what you're saying. I'm right. [LAUGHTER]
 me.
 Hello.  Thank you for calling Dell Taco Corporate.  Can I help you?
 Um, I basically, um I- I ordered some food
 Okay.  Well, Did you go through the automated menu?  Most of your requests can be taken care of through that.
 Okay.  Well I'd be happy to-
 Sir, can- can you tell me which branch you went to.  We can start there.
 Okay.  Um, and what was the complaint?
 Can you be a little more specific, sir?
 Well I'm very sorry, sir.  They should have dealt with it at that particular branch.  I apologize for that, uh, but we can help you.  That's no worries.  We can take care of that.  So how much did you need to be refunded?
 It was a hundred a sixty dollars.  I'm sorry, uh, sixteen dollars.
 Okay.  Um, I'm going to go ahead and transfer you over to another department.  They'll need your address.
 Look, I don't want to be transferred over to another- All I want to do is just give you my name and address so you can send me a check.
 Okay.  You understand that's all I want. Just don't give me a problem with this.  Okay, please because I'm very sensitive right now
 and if I get sent to another operator, I'll have to tell them the same damn story again.  I don't- I think I'm just going to lose my mind.  So if you could please just not do that, that would be great.  Thank you.
 You don't understand because you've never gone to Del Taco and gotten the service that I've gotten.  You don't understand.
 You're not going to call the other operator. You're not going to call the the other operator.
 You're going to fill out a form on your desk
 because I know you're at a desk right now in your stupid corporate building and you're going to send me a check for sixteen dollars and forty two cents.
 Cindy?  Cindy what?
 Cindy, look.  If you don't get your ass a piece of paper that has a check
 attached to it and you don't send it to me, I'm going to get very upset.
 But I'm giving you what you want.
 He saw it.
 Did you talk to him?
 No, I figured the best thing was to leave him alone.
 I could hear him right through the floor of my room.
 You know that Larry's not coming back and I know it.  Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?
 What do you want to do, argue with him?
 I don't want to argue with him but it's time that he realizes that Larry's not coming back anymore.
 You can't say that to him.
 We've got to say it to him.
 How are you going to prove it?  Can you prove it?
 For God's sake three years.  Nobody comes back after three years.  It's insane.
 To you it is and to me but not to him.  You can talk yourself blue in the face but there's no body and no grave so where are you?
 The trouble is the goddamn newspapers.  Every month some boy turns up from nowhere so the next one is going to be Larry.
 You know why.
 I'm going to ask her to marry me.
 Well that's only your business, Chris.
 What do you want me to do?  You're old enough to know your own mind.
 Then it isn't just my business.
 Sometimes you infuriate me.  You know that?  Isn't it your business too if I tell this to father and he throws a fit about it.
 Sometimes you have a- Sometimes you have a talent for ignoring things.
 I ignore what I got to ignore. The girl is Larry's girl.
 From father's point of view, he's not dead and you have no right to take his girl.
 Now you can go on from there and you know where to go, but I'm telling you I don't know where to go.  See I don't know.  Now what can I do for you?
 You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong in that.
 To hell with that.
 I wanted to get this settled first.
 and then we'll thrash it out with dad, right mom.  Don't avoid me.
 So what I'm not fast with women.
 I don't see why it has to be Annie.
 Because it is.
 Well that's a good answer but it don't answer anything.  You haven't seen her since you went to war.  It's been five years.
 These years when I think of someone for my wife, I think of Annie.  What do you want, a diagram?
 You marry that girl.  You're pronouncing him dead.  Now what happens to your father?  Do you know because I don't?
 I've given it three years of thought.  I hoped that if I waited, dad would forget about Larry
 Are you crazy?
 You've got a business here.  What the hell is this?
 The business, the business doesn't inspire me.
 Must you be inspired?
 Alright but don't think that way
 because what the hell did we work for?  This whole shooting match is just for you, Chris.
 But don't think that way.  You hear me?
 Yeah.  I can see that.
 Why did he invite her?
 Why does that bother you?
 It's been three years.  Why all of a sudden?
 Well maybe- maybe he just wanted to see her again.
 How do you know he's even thinking about it?
 What's going on here, Joe?
 No, line.
 Uh, Then why is she still-she's not his girl, Joe
 She's not his girl, Joe.  She knows she's not.
 You can't read her mind.
 Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men.  Why hasn't she married?
 Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish but she's waited.
 Because she knows what I know that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.
 She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look, look at it.  Joe-
 What does that mean, me above all?  Look at you.  You're shaking.
 What?
 I guess you know this is why I asked you to come.
 I guess this is why I came.
 Ann, I love you.  I love you a great deal.  I love you.
 I have no imagination that's all I know to tell you.
 I'm embarrassing you.  I didn't want to tell it to you here.  I
 Chris, I've been ready a long, long time.
 And he's gone forever.  You're sure?
 You started to write me.
 Every day since.
 I was waiting for you, Chris.  Till then you never wrote and then when you did what did you say.  I mean you sure can be ambiguous you know.
 Give me a kiss, Ann.  Give me a-God I kissed you.
 I kissed Annie.  How long, how long I've been waiting to kiss you.
 I'll never forgive you.  Why did you wait all these years?  All I've done is sit and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.
 Annie, we're going to live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.
 No, nothing like that.
 Yes.  I suppose I have been but it's going from me.
 There's so many things mixed up.
 You remember overseas I was in command of a company?
 Yeah, sure.
 Well I lost them.
 How many?
 Just about all.
 It takes a lot of time to toss that off because they weren't just men.
 For instance, one time it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks.
 I put them in my pocket. that's only a little thing but these are the kind of guys I had.
 They didn't die.  They killed themselves for each other.  I mean that exactly.  A little more selfish and they'd have been here today.
 And I got this idea watching them go down.  Everything was being destroyed see, but it seemed to me that there was one new thing that was made
 a sort of responsibility man for man.  You understand me?
 And then I came home and it was amazing.
 I felt, what you said, ashamed somehow
 because nobody was changed at all.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.
 I felt wrong to be alive, to open the new bank book, to drive the new car, to see the new refrigerator.
 when you drive the new car, you have to know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.  You've got to be a little better because of that.
 Otherwise what you have is really just loot and there's blood on it.  I didn't want to take any of it.
 I guess that included you.
 Annie, Annie I'm going to make a fortune for you.
 What'll I do with a fortune?
 What time is it?  They're supposed to run around midnight.  This is great isn't it?  Look at this night we've got here.  It couldn't be better.
 Fine.
 Is that, is that-that's just foam isn't it?  I can't even tell
 I hope the moon stays out.  I wonder do they always run during a full moon.  I can't remember if it was full last year.  Remember?
 Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.
 Ah, this is great, isn't it?  I didn't even think to bring a six-pack.  A six-pack would be just the ticket right about now.
 It's after eleven let's go home.
 There is no point in coming down here.
 That's my point too.
 I just don't.  It's stupid.
 Think about the people in Kansas.  They'd have to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to come see this.  We're just forty minutes away.  It's too good to pass up.
 Pass up what?  These little fish swim onto the beach, flop around, and then swim away and then they die.
 This is the big night for these guys.  Life's last orgy.
 What are you so excited about?  This isn't a moon landing we're talking about.  It's fish.  It's fish nobody even eats.
 like the swallows returning to Capistrano or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs, like that.  There's mystery here and magic
 I'm just not.
 Yes.
 We didn't see them the first time either.
 We just weren't in a good spot.  This is a much better spot.
 I've got good instincts for these things.  Look there. What's that.  Is that?  Is that, is that-no it's just seaweed isn't it.
 Ah, man this is great.  I wouldn't miss this for anything.  I mean think about this.  I know you're not interested but just think about this for a minute.
 Out there someplace there's this huge mass of silver fish heading this way.  They don't know why.  We don't know why.  It wasn't a decision.  They didn't take a vote.
 No one sent them a map or an invitation.  Just some little instinctual time release firecracker went off in their little bodies and all as one. They turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.
 They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.
 It's single mindedness with no mind.  Urgency that's pure urge.
 They don't know what drives them.  They don't give it a name or ask question.  They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them here to this place
 where we stand for massive celebration of sex and death.
 Ah, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  All my hairs are popping up.
 About what?
 It's ridiculous.
 Well, so what do you think?
 It's PR.  Somebody sold you a bill of goods that this wonderful event is going to take place on the beach.
 Goddamn it Augie don't ask me that.  You always ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  It's insulting.
 We just have different ideas about what this evening is supposed to look like.
 For heaven's sake, this is not about fish.
 We totally skipped. Right.
 For heaven's sake, grow up we are not going to see the Grunions.
 We never do.  Do we have we ever?
 Twice is every time we've tried that's ever.
 and the fish won't show up.
 We thought I was pregnant and we had a bottle of champagne but no glasses.  You asked me to dance.  So we took off our shoes
 and you popped the cork and while we were dancing, you said the softest most intimate things to me
 right into my ear so that I could hear them as much as- so that I could feel them as much as hear them.
 And I remember thinking this is it.  At last, at last I'm as happy as I'm supposed to be.
 Wait a minute.  I've got it.
 Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne from the bottle.
 It was in the car right.  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said let's get some champagne and I said times a wasting or something like that.  Right?
 That's it, right?  You want this to be like the other time, right.  That's it.
 I would rather not remember some things.  I would rather not hope for some things.
 No.
 You want me to get some champagne?
 No.
 No.
 This what, what is this?  This isn't even anything.
 Oh, right, sure this is standing on the beach.  This is waiting.  This is fighting.
 I know you are, Augie.  Really I do.  I know you wanted this to be special and nice and it's the full moon and the sand and all but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
 Maybe if you were with somebody else too.
 No, I know but still.  I know I don't make you happy.
 somebody who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.
 Actually now that you mention it, no I don't.
 I don't know.  It seemed like a good spot to me.
 Yeah, I noticed that.  Looks pretty on the water doesn't it, big old white moon.
 Well look at what we got here.
 Oh, Augie you brought refreshments.
 It's not champagne.
 Well then I guess we don't need glasses.
 I'm beginning to think you might be right.  I think this may be the spot after all.  Augie I'm sorry.
 Ahh.  It sent shivers up my spine.
 What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?
 Behave exquisitely.
 With the most perfect poise.
 Certainly I shall probably do a court curtsy.
 Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy, do they?
 Don't say that, my darling.
 It's true the whole business is very poor joke.
 Don't laugh at me.  I'm serious.
 Who's they?
 Oh, how long will it last, this ludicrous, over-bearing love of ours?
 Well who knows?
 What happens if one of us dies?  Does the one that's left still laugh?
 Thank you, dear.  The same applies to you except that if I catch you so much as looking at another woman, I'll kill you.
 Do you remember that awful scene in Venice?
 Which particular one?
 The one where you bought that little painted wooden snake and put it on my bed.
 Oh, Charles.  That was his name.  Charles he did wriggle so beautifully.
 Horrible thing.  I hated it.
 Yes, I know you did.  You threw him out of the window into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
 How long did that row last?
 The worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt holes in my dressing gown.
 It burnt my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.
 Then the manager came in and found us rolling about on the floor biting and scratching like panthers.
 How ridiculous.  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
 And very much sillier.
 As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.
 You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.
 You let him kiss you.  You said you did.
 What of it?
 What of it?
 What about me?
 That's a nice point of view, I must say.
 I'll have some myself, I think.
 It's become a habit with you.
 Oh, don't be so stupid.
 Really, Amanda.
 What?
 Nothing.
 Going somewhere, my dear?
 It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.
 Adders don't snap they sting.
 They sting.
 I don't care, okay.  Do you understand?  I don't care.  I don't mind if they bark and roll about like hoops.
 Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?
 Yes, I did quite a lot.
 Mind your own business.
 You're quite insufferable.  I expect it's because you're drunk.
 I'm not in the least drunk.
 You always had a weak head.
 On, the contrary.  A child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
 Oh, shut up.
 Not very funny, dear.  You'd better have some more brandy.
 Very good idea.  I will.
 Why?
 There is no one upstairs.  It's a photographer's studio.
 There are people downstairs I suppose.
 This is no time of year for Tunis.
 Very well if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
 Turn it off.  It's driving me mad.
 You're far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.
 Go away, go away.  I hate you.
 Amanda, listen.
 Listen? Listen indeed.  I'm sick and tired of listening to you.  You damn sadistic bully.
 Stop.
 Very amusing.
 Stop, stop.  I hate you.  Do you hear?  You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
 You're a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast. And I hope I never see you again as long as I live.
 This is the end do you understand?  The end,
 You're not going like this.
 finally and forever
 Oh, I am.  Let go of me.
 You're not.
 Oh, I hate you. It's a good thing that I found out in time what you're really like. Marry you again?  Never, never, never.
 Shut up.  Shut up. I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling to me on your bended knees.
 You're a mean, evil minded, little tempered witch. I hope to God I never set eyes on you again as long as I live. Whore.
 I'd rather die in torment. Beast.  Brute.  Calf swine.
 Yeah, hi.  Um, look, I -- all I'm trying to do right now is renew my license plate.  That's all.  I just need to get one of those little stickers.
 Okay.  What's the problem?
 Okay, um.  Do you have your photo ID with you?
 Yes, I do.
 Okay.  This is the wrong form.  I'm sorry.
 twenty bucks? Please. Go get in that line over there.
 It's not rocket science.
 So go get in the other line or leave.  Or I will have you escorted out by security.
 Would you like to be kicked out of the D.M.V.?  You don't think that'll be a little embarrassing?
 Okay, fine.  I'll go over there.  Thanks, a lot.  You've been really helpful.
 Yeah.  Thank you.  Have a pleasant day.
 It's only going to be a year.
 There's nothing I can do.  I mean, I have to go.
 You won't even know your child when you come back.  This -- isn't there someone you could talk to?
 When do you leave?
 A week.  You're giving me a week to be okay with this.
 Yeah, it's pretty amazing, huh?
 I can't -- how did you do it?  What happened?
 [LAUGHTER] Well you paint a romantic picture.
 Well I didn't want it to be like cheesy, you know.
 Did she cry?
 She didn't cry, but she was laughing a lot and it was very exciting, so...
 Oh, my God.  How long have you been planning on doing this?
 Honestly, it was kind of quickly.  It was actually only in the past couple months.
 I can't believe this.  You're getting married. It's crazy!
 Yeah. Yeah. So- I know.  I know. I know.  It's weird 'cause it's like the beginning of the rest of my life, you know.
 Yeah, it is.
 But uh- no, I mean, you know.  You know, I really want you to like, you know, sort of
 Yeah, I would love to. Thanks. [LAUGHTER]
 Okay. Well there you go.
 Oh, my God, where -- have you guys talked about where you're going to get married or--
 Oh, my God.
 Are you going to get married like on the beach barefoot or like fancier?  Like in a church.
 Barefoot?
 Well I don't know.  Throwing it out there.
 Yeah.  But I'm really excited.  So and everybody's going to come out and it'll be a great time.  And--
 It's so exciting.  What's the ring look like?
 It's big and shiny.  I don't know.  It's silver and--
 Big and shiny.  You're such a guy. [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, I don't know. [LAUGHTER] But, yeah, so anyway -- well I wanted to tell you that, you know, 'cause you're one of my good friends and you're Kate's- one of her best friends and-
 I'm so excited for you. That's great. I'm so-
 Yeah, yeah. She was actually -- she was going to tell you but I told her that I wanted to tell you and she had to work today anyway, so I decided to-
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's fantastic.  I -- congratulations. It's amazing.
 Thank you.  I'm really -- I'm really excited.  And it's -- I don't know, it's like a little -- it's like a little scary, 'cause I'm like, ah, you know, it's the first time I've ever done anything like this.
 But, you know, it's like I really love her and I really just -- I can't imagine spending my life with anybody else but her.  So, you know, it's like I know that's the right thing.  And if you have to, you know, if you have to question that, you know, don't- don't do it.  So we're going to do it.
 And it's going to -- the -- you know, I told her that I just -- I want the color brown to be as an integral in the wedding.  And, um, maybe some greens and blues.
 She's okay with it.
 Well, I mean I just told her--Well I just said, you know, hey, these are my suggestions.
 All fruit and the color brown. Just that. That's all- that's my only request.
 This is why men don't plan weddings. [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.  Well maybe--maybe you're right. Maybe there's something to that.
 All fruit and brown. [LAUGHTER]
 So, um, anyway, do you want to order now?   So, um I mean--
 Well there has to be something you haven't tried.
 What about like a temp agency?
 Have you gone, like, signed up with a temp agency?  Maybe they can help.
 there's just like no jobs available.  I mean, it's just like, God.
 Right, but you have -- I mean, you have to keep on them.  You have to keep calling and reminding them that you're still looking and
 I mean, you have to be really aggressive about it.
 Well, I mean, if it's that bad, maybe you're gonna have to take something that doesn't really fit, you know.  Like maybe you'll have to do something else for a while.  Find a new field, new skill.
 Well then you're choosing to be unemployed, really.
 If you're not willing to try and work with it and find something and, you know, I mean, there are things you could do.
 Well maybe, you know, your luck it is just down and the market for your particular field is down and maybe you just need to look into doing something else for a while.
 I mean, I'm not saying that you should, you know--
 It's my fault 'cause you didn't do what I told you to?
 Well that sounds like your fault.
 You didn't do what I told you to do.
 Well, I mean, it makes sense, doesn't it, hmm?
 I think maybe you can't get employed because you aren't willing to take responsibility for your own actions.
 That's not true.  I take responsibility for my own actions.
 Really?  Whose fault is it you don't have a job?
 Yours.  I don't--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hi, how can I help you?
 Mmhmm.
 I'm sorry.
 Right.
 Uh. Okay.  I -- first of all, I'm very sorry you lost your bag.
 Um, but, actually, our policy is a fifty dollar
 fifty dollars?
 refund--coverage of the bag that was lost. yes
 fifty dollars. No way, no.
 That's our policy, sir.
 I don't but the thing is, I don't care about your policy.
 You understand?
 I can't do that.
 No, no, because, look, I don't care what your policy says.  I mean--
 You understand that the contents of my bag- The contents of my bag cost a hundred and fifty dollars.
 You--
 We'll cover fifty.
 No.  No.  No.  What I need you to do -- I need you to write checks for -- I need you to write three of them. That'll be satisfactory.
 Just -- you can fill out the form--We can fill out - no, no, no, we can fill out the form three times.
 I'm very sorry.  I understand you're upset.  You just got off a long flight.
 I understand that.  I would know if it was mine. Um-
 Yeah.  If it was yours, but it's not. It's mine.  Okay. So just--
 But it's not.  It's yours.  I understand.
 but I need to speak to somebody who can make the three check thing happen.
 I understand you're frustrated, but--
 I know. I understand it's personal-- It's personal to you. I get that.
 Please.
 I'm already calm. Okay, I'm calm. I'm calm.
 Yeah.  If you were really sorry, you'd give me the three checks.
 So why don't we just do that and stop this nonsense, hmm?  Hmm?
 Hey, how you doing?
 I'm sorry.
 Thanks.
 I know- I know there's nothing I can say that will really help, but--
 I know.  I just -- I don't know.  It's just weird because you have somebody who's, you know,
 a major part of your life and then they're gone.  And I don't know.  That's not really -- it's never really happened to me before.
 I'm sorry.  It's never easy.
 Yeah.
 But, I'm here if there's anything you need.  I mean, you just have to ask.  I know --
 Thanks.
 --it doesn't really do anything.  But--
 I just -- it's just not fair.
 I know.  It never is.
 How's, um -- how's his parents doing?
 I mean, they're, you know, they're upset.  It's like you know, they
 feel the same way everybody else does.
 I mean, what do you want to do?  Do you want to- do you want to talk about it?  Do you-
 [BREATHING] I mean, there's nothing really to talk about.  He's gone and I'll never see him again.
 Well I know it's not a lot of help or anything, but at least you got to know him.  I mean, at least you had the time with him that you did.
 Yeah.
 I mean, we can be grateful for that.
 Yeah, I don't know.  Sometimes I wish I didn't know him.  So I wouldn't--
 You feel that way now because you're upset.  But you don't really think that.
 It'll get better.  I know it doesn't help, but it will get better and you will remember all of the good things that you guys had; all of the memories that you have with him that were happy and you'll be grateful for those.
 This is just -- this is a terrible life.  I just don't understand.
 I mean, it's just not fair.  Like, I don't know.  Why people -
 there should just be some sort of rule that people don't die until they're older, 'cause then, at least, it's expected.
 I agree.  If I knew how to make that happen, I would certainly help you.
 I don't know what to do.
 When's the service? Can- can we help?  Is there anything, I mean--
 I mean, you- you can go.  I don't know.  I don't know what else.
 I hope it rains.  Somehow that'll make me feel more comfortable.
 Seems like if the whole world's sad, then it's okay for you to be.
 Yeah.
 I just wish there was some way to just bring him back to life magically.
 I know.
 Just, you know, some thing; some genie. I need to find a genie bottle.
 I don't have any magic answers.  But,
 I mean, as- as cliche as it is, as long as people who loved him remember him, then it's not a waste, you know.
 I know.
 Alright, so you're not going to believe this.  But I went home today. I looked through the mail.  And I got an acceptance letter from U.S.C..
 I'm going to U.S.C.. Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I didn't even
 know you applied to U.S.C..
 I did.  I did. I've -- yeah, I applied to U.S.C..  I mean, it's really expensive but
 it's a really good school.  So
 That's amazing.  I've seen it on TV. Um, Wow.  I mean, well what are you going to major in?  What are you going to do?
 Yeah.  I like to know about history, 'cause, you know, it's- it's just so relevant to the present.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 And, uh-
 Is U.S.C. known for its history program?
 Um, you know, I don't think so.  But I think that, you know, it's still a private school
 and right you know it's still- and then, you know, I mean-
 I know.  It's a great school and you know
 I'm guessing, you know it's like I I checked it out.  And, like, they have a decent history program.
 It's all about the connections
 So -- and like the geology just is awesome.  It rocks, no pun intended. [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, you did not just say that.
 Um, but, uh- anyway -- yeah, so that's awesome, though, because you live here and then we're not going to be separated by me going to some other school
 I know.  You're going to be so close.
 And, uh, it's just really exciting.  I- You know, I'm -- just I want to- I want to share this special happy moment with you. It's awesome
 I'm glad you did.
 That's great.  I mean, I'm really glad you're not going to go anywhere.  You'll still be here.
 Everything in LA is twenty minutes away.
 Give or take. [LAUGHTER]
 Well congratulations.
 umm, and I'm going to check out school and get, you know, check out the courses
 find out all this stuff.  And- and I don't know.  I think I'm going to try to live in a dorm.
 Yeah.
 Ouch.  That's, um -- oh, wow.
 But, congrats on the U.S.C. thing.
 No, no, I mean, I didn't know -- I didn't know that about you. Um, I feel like --
 The -- what, the- I mean--
 I'll go to basketball games.
 Okay.  Well that's cool, too, but like--
 Maybe some golf matches.
 Wow, you are a winner and a half. [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know.  Do they have golf?  Do they have- Does U.S.C. have a -- I don't know if they have a golf team.
 No, I'm not going to go to a football game.
 Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. No way.
 I do -- I will need to get a gun-
 Okay.  Um, but, no, I, uh, I do need to get a gun soon, though, 'cause I mean
 Excuse me?
 I need to get like a -- just a small little gun just 'cause -- or like a taser or something or just like a butterfly knife
 No.
 'cause, you know, I mean, it's like If I ever want to go south of campus
 Well I need to defend myself from
 Are you sure you didn't make them?
 Okay.
 Umm, Miss Aruckman
 I am seeing the two hundred dollar charge.
 So you're saying that you didn't make these calls.
 All I can do for you right now is give you a hundred dollars.
 What I can
 What I can do for you is give you a hundred dollars right now and fill out complaint form
 which you- which you'll have to go into a local Verizon dealer--  or Sprint.
 A few weeks.  You won't even know that they were there.
 Yeah.  That's fine.  I just -- that's fine. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't make any difference to me.  I mean, it's not like it's going to cost my job or anything.
 You're just going to put it back on my account.
 I mean, technically, that's policy.  But, like, I mean, I don't really care about -- nobody really cares about policy here.
 Sure.
 Oh, my God, thank you so much.
 You're welcome.
 I really appreciate this. I know it's not policy or whatever but, seriously
 No, no, no, it's cool.  It's cool.  It's cool.  So, um
 make my life a lot easier.
 You know, so- I mean, are you doing anything later?  Or um
 Oh, I don't know.  I mean, I don't know.  I just thought, you know, maybe you want to get some co--I mean, I'm actually -- wait, where do you live?  Oh, you're in Los Angeles, I see.  Oh, no, that sucks 'cause I'm in, actually in Alabama.
 God, that's like a whole problem with like-- But, no, I mean, hey-- if you ever
 if you ever come out to Montgomery, I mean, you know, just -- just call up, you know, call up the operator and I'll-- I'll be here. So, um.
 I'll
 call up the Sprint call center and, uh, you know. cool
 Alright. Take Care.
 You too.
 What's he going to say?  Maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.
 He saw it.
 He was out here when it broke.
 He's getting just like after he died.  What's the meaning in that?
 You can't say that to him.
 We've gotta say it to him.
 How are you going to prove it?  Can you prove it?
 For God's sake, three years.  Nobody comes back after three years.  It's insane.
 To you it is and to me, but not to him.  You can talk yourself blue in the face, but there's no body and no grave, so where are you?
 Why?
 Going to ask her to marry me.
 Well that's only your business, Chris.
 What do you want me to do?  You're old enough to know your own mind.
 Well you want to make sure your father isn't going to have --
 Well, then you know it's not only my business.
 Sometimes you infuriate me, you know that?  Isn't it your business, too, if I tell this to father and he throws a fit about it?  You have such a talent for ignoring things.
 I ignore what I got to ignore.  The girl is Larry's girl.
 From father's point of view, he's not dead.  And you have no right to take his girl.
 I wanted to get this settled first.
 How do you know she'll marry you?  Maybe she feels the same way father does.
 The trouble is, you don't see enough women.  You never did.
 I don't see why it has to be Annie.
 Alright, then, mom.  Did we skip something?  No.  Alright, then, mom.
 Yes we did. Do you want to keep going?
 Yeah, let's keep going.
 Just give it some more thought.
 father forgot about Larry, we'd have a regular wedding and everything happy.  If I can't get that here, then I'll have to get out.
 What the hell is this?
 Are you crazy?
 You've got a business here.  What the hell is this?
 The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.
 Must you be inspired?
 Yes.  I like getting an hour a day.  If I have to grub for money all day long, at least at evening, I want it beautiful.
 Yes, on this I would.
 You don't want to think like that.
 Then you help me stay here.
 Alright.  But just don't think like that because what the hell did we work for?  That's all for you, Chris.  The whole shooting match is just for you.
 But don't think that way, you hear me?
 Why did he invite her here?
 Oh, God, line.
 Why does that bother you?
 She's been in New York three and a half years.  Why, all of a sudden--
 Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
 He's not going to marry her.
 How do you know he's even thinking about it?
 It's got that about it.
 Well so what?
 What's going on here, Joe?
 Line.
 Now listen, kid. Now, listen.
 She's not his girl, Joe.  She knows she's not.
 Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men.  Why hasn't she married?  Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she's waited.
 Because she knows what I know, that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.  In my worst moments, I think of her waiting and I know, again, that I'm right.
 Nobody in this house dares take her faith away, Joe.  Strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.
 I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you.  Don't think I haven't noticed you since he invited her here.  I won't stand for any nonsense.
 Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.
 Laugh.  Laugh at me.  But why did that happen the very night that she came here?
 She goes to sleep in his bed and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look.  Look at it.  Joe--
 Believe with me, Joe.  I can't stand all alone
 You, above all, have got to believe.  You.
 I can't help it.
 What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
 Every day since.
 I was waiting for you, Chris.  'Til then, you never wrote and when you did, what did you say?  You sure can be ambiguous, you know.
 I'll never forgive you.  Why did you wait all these years?  All I've done is sit around and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.
 Yes, I suppose there has been.  But it's going from me.
 I don't know where to start.
 It's all mixed up with so many other things.  You remember overseas, I was in command of a company?
 Well I lost them.
 How many?
 Just about all.
 Oh, gees.
 It takes a little time to toss that off because they weren't just men.
 For instance, one time it'd been raining several days.  And this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks; put them in my pocket.  That's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had.
 And I got this idea watching them go down, everything was being destroyed, see?  But, to me, it seemed there was one new thing that was made,
 a kind of responsibility.  Man for man.  You understand me?  And then I went home and it was incredible.
 There was no meaning in it here.  The whole thing to them was some sort of bus accident.  Then I went to work for dad and that whole rat race again.  I felt, what you said, ashamed somehow
 because nobody was changed.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive;
 to open that bank book; to drive the new car; to see the new refrigerator.  I mean, you can take these things out of a war, but when you drive the new car, you have to know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.
 You have to be a little better because of that.  Otherwise, we have is really loot and there's blood on it.  I don't want to take any of it.  I guess that included you.
 Annie, Annie, I'm going to make you a fortune.
 What'll I do with a fortune?
 Actually, I wanted to go a little farther up the coast, get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid we'd miss it.  How you doing?
 Fine.
 Is that, is that - is that just foam?  I can't even tell.  Although, if you can't tell, it's probably isn't them.  It'll probably be unmistakable, don't you think?
 How you doing?  Oh, no, you know what I did?  I forgot to bring my flashlight.  How could I be so stupid?  I should have brought my flashlight.
 It's not yours.
 Whose is it?
 It's ours.  It's mine, too.
 You kept saying my flashlight as if it's somehow just yours.  How is that supposed to make me feel?
 I wonder, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year.  Remember?
 Yes.
 Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.
 You want my jacket?
 It's after eleven; let's go home.
 There is no point in coming down here.
 Right.
 That's my point, too.
 So let's go home.
 I just don't.  It's stupid.
 Honey, this is a natural phenomenon.  I mean, this only happens once a year.  It's a great opportunity.  Think about the people in Kansas.  They'd have to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to come see this.  We're just forty minutes away.  It's too good to pass up.
 Pass up what?  These little fish swim onto the beach, flop around and then they swim away.  And then they die.
 There's mystery here and magic.
 What are you so excited about?
 Oh, it's a big night for these guys.  Uh, life's last orgy.
 Yeah, they do. Okay.  But it's fish who do something none of the other fish do; like the swallows are returning to Capistrano; or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs, like that.
 There's mystery here and magic; a little bit of the unexplainable.  I don't see how you can not be interested.
 Yes.
 Last year, you will also remember, our shoes got wet.  I got sand in my panties.  We got into a big fight over nothing.  You got a sore throat and we did not see the grunions.
 no, it's just seaweed, isn't it?  Oh, man, this is great.  I wouldn't miss this for anything.  I mean, think about this.  I know you're not interested, but just think about this for a minute.
 Out there someplace is this huge mass of silver fish heading this way.  They don't know why.  We don't know why.  It wasn't a decision.  They didn't take a vote.  No one sent them an invitation or a map;
 just some little instinctual time release firecracker went off in their little bodies and all as one, they turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.
 They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.  It's single mindedness with no mind.  Urgency that's pure urge.
 They don't know what drives them.  They don't give it a name or ask a question.  They just turn, as one, and start the swim that brings them here; to this place, where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.  Oh, man, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  All my hairs are popping up.
 Well so what did you think?
 Look at this, goose bumps.
 Well so what'd you think?
 What I said.
 Goddamn it, Augie, don't ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  You always ask me that.  It's insulting.
 Well what's bugging you?
 We just have different ideas about what this evening is supposed to look like.
 There's nothing to it.  We come down here.  The grunions arrive.  They do their little fish business.  We go ooh, ah, look at the fish.  They go home.  We go home.
 We never do, do we?  Have we ever?
 I did want to see it.  I always do.  I keep thinking this time will be the time, but it never is.
 It was about four years ago, right after we got married.  We thought I was pregnant and we had a bottle of champagne but no glasses.  You asked me to dance.  So we took off our shoes and you popped the cork.
 Wait a minute, I've got it.
 Dancing barefoot in the sand; drinking champagne from the bottle.
 It was in the car, right?  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker?  You said let's get some champagne and I said times a wasting or something like that.  Right?  That's it, right?  You want this to be like the other time.  That's it.  Of course.
 I'd rather not remember some things.  I'd rather not hope for some things.
 No.
 No.
 No.
 I want something to turn out the way it's supposed to.
 Well welcome to the human race.  You think this is what I had in mind?  You think that when I proposed, I had this great fantasy going that four years down the line, we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish?  No.
 And we'll have three fat rosy kids and ha, ha, ha, baby, the joke's on us, 'cause you know what you get, Carla?  You know what you get?  This.
 This what?  What is this?  This isn't even anything.
 Oh, right, sure.  This is standing on the beach.   This is waiting.  This is fighting.
 But this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.
 No, I know, me neither.
 I didn't say that.
 No, I know.  But still.  I know I don't make you happy.
 Actually, now that you mention it, no.  I don't.
 Okay, fine.  So we're in the wrong spot, but we're with the right person.
 I don't know.  It seemed like a good spot to me.  I mean, look at the view you've got of the moon from here.
 Yeah, I noticed that.  Looks pretty on the water, doesn't it?  Big ol' white moon.  I'm sorry, Augie.
 Shh.  If we're very quiet, the fish might come.
 We'll be alright, darling.  Whatever happens, aren't we?
 I don't care, then.
 Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.
 What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?
 Behave exquisitely.
 With the mo- with the most perfect poise?
 Certainly.  I shall probably do a court curtsey.
 But what's so horrible is that one can't stay happy.
 It's true.  The whole business is a very poor joke.
 Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing, love?
 You mustn't be serious, my dear.  That's just what they want.
 Who's they?
 All the futile moralists who try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them.  Be flippant.  Laugh at everything.  All their sacred shibboleths.  Flippancy brings out the acid- acid in their damn sweetness and light.
 If I laugh at everything, I must laugh at us, too.
 How long will it last, this ludicrous and overbearing love of ours?
 Shall we always want to bicker and fight?
 No.  That fire will fade along with our passion.
 What happens if one of us dies?  Does the one that's left, still laugh?
 Well that's serious enough, isn't it?
 Let's savor the delight of the moment.  Come and kiss me, darling, before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
 Thank you, dear.  The same applies to you, except that if I catch you so much as looking at another woman, I will kill you.
 Which particular one?
 Oh, Charles; that was his name, Charles.  Oh, he did wriggle so beautifully.
 Horrible thing.  I hated it.
 I know you did.  You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
 It went on intermittently for days.
 It burnt my comb, too, and all the towels in the bathroom.
 Line?
 How -- that was a rouser wasn't it?
 That was the first time you ever hit me.
 The manager came in and found is rolling about on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.  Oh, dear.
 How ridiculous. How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
 And very much sillier.
 As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 That was the first time you ever hit me.
 I didn't hit you very hard.
 The manager came in and found us rolling about on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.  Oh, dear.
 How ridiculous.  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.
 And very much sillier.
 Not at all.  It was very pretty.  I still have it and I wear it often.
 You must admit that he was in love with you, wasn't he?
 Just a little, perhaps, nothing serious.
 Line?
 Let him kiss you.
 You let him kiss you.  You said you did.
 What of it?
 What of it?
 What about me?
 That's a nice point of view, I must say.
 So am I; bored stiff.
 No, thanks.
 It's become a habit with you.
 Really, Amanda
 What?
 Nothing.
 Going out somewhere, my dear?
 As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.
 Oh, no, it isn't.
 Yes, it is.
 Oh, be quiet.
 Line?
 It's a pity you didn't- It's a pity you didn't have more brandy.
 It's a pity you didn't have any more brandy.  It might have made you a little less disagreeable.
 Line?
 Snap.  Oh, snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.
 Adders don't snap, they sting.
 They -- nonsense, they have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.
 They snap.
 I don't care.  Do you understand?  I don't care.  I don't mind if they bark and roll about like hoops.
 Yes, I did, quite a lot.
 I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more then, hmm?
 Mind your own business.
 You must have had a riotous time.
 No restraint at all, very enjoyable.  You never had much anyhow.
 You're quite insufferable.  I expected it's because you're drunk.
 I'm not in the least drunk.
 You always had a weak head.
 On the contrary, a child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.
 Very interesting.  And how about a child of four and a child of six and a child of nine?
 Oh, shut up.
 Not very funny, dear.  You'd better have some more brandy.
 Very good idea.  I will
 You better turn that off I think.
 Why?
 There aren't any people upstairs.  It's a photographer's studio.
 There are people downstairs, I suppose
 Turn it on again, please.
 Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.
 Turn it off.  It's driving me mad.
 Go away.  Go away.  I hate you.
 Turn it off.
 You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.
 We swapped. Listen.
 Listen--
 Listen, indeed.  I am sick and tired of listening to you, you damn sadistic bully.
 You're a vile tempered, loosed living
 Stop.
 wicked little beast. And I- I hope I never see you again as long as live.
 Stop.  I hate you.  Do you hear me? You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.
 This is the end.  Do you understand, the end?  Finally and forever.
 You're not going like this.
 Oh, yes, I am.
 No, you're not.
 Let go of me.  You're a cruel fiend and I hate and loath you.  Thank God, I discovered in time what you're really like.
 Shut up. Shut up.
 You're a mean, evil minded
 Marry you again? Huh.
 little vampire And I hope to God I never set eyes on you as long as I live.
 Never, never, never.  I'd rather die in torment. Beast brute.
 Whore.
 Swine.
 Hi, I need an ID.
 ahh Yeah, this is the wrong line.  I'm sorry.  You need to go back over to line two B.  That's where you should have started from.
 Well, I have no camera here.  I can't help you at all here, ma'am.  I have forms for something completely different.  You need to go to a different place.
 So could I maybe get the form from you, fill it out here- and maybe you could-
 Isn't there anything you can do?  Just call over and ask them if I can go to the front of the line in the other line.
 Why not?
 Right, well, last time they told me, it was this line, and obviously, it's not true.
 What is it?
 um.
 I'm sorry.  It's just a lot ahh to explain. ahh I got a call--
 I got a call today,
 I'm going to need to go overseas for a while.
 You got called up.
 I thought you said this wasn't going to happen for at least a year.
 I don't know "sigh".
 I know.  I know.
 I know.  Well, we'll have to figure all that out.  I mean, I think the Army's going to provide childcare and help us out with that. um.
 Where do you have to go?  Where are you going?
 Iraq.
 I think infantry.  I'm not sure.
 I don't understand why they would just do something like this?
 It doesn't make any sense.  It's stupid.  I told you you shouldn't go in the Army.
 I don't think there's anything we can do.
 I'll tell them I'm sick and that you can't leave something.
 It's not fair.
 I know.  I know it's not fair.
 Why has to be you?  There's all those other people.  Somebody else can go instead.  It's not right.
 Well, apparently nobody else can go.
 I understand.  I'm worried about you.  I don't know what's going to happen to you.
 I know.
 I know.
 I jus-
 We'll figure something out.  We just have to ... we just have to think about this.  Could any of your family help us?
 I don't know.
 Yeah.  I guess.  I don't know what they're going to say.
 Yeah, we'll call them.  We'll figure something out.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  You're right.
 I'm going to miss their first words.
 I know.
 You'll have to send me pictures and letters everyday.
 All the time, every day, every day.  They have e-mail over there and stuff like that, right? I can send you pictures.
 Yeah, as much as I can.
 "sigh" Three weeks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I love you.
 I love you.  I'm going to miss you so much. "sigh"
 Okay, so big news.
 What?
 Come on, what?
 I'm getting married.
 Yeah.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 Uh-huh.
 No way, when? when,when, When did it happen?
 Just a couple days ago.
 Oh my gosh.
 And you actually said yes.  I can't believe it.  I never thought you would get married.
 I know me neither.
 Oh my gosh.
 Right, I thought I would be way older too. I thought I would be I be at least thirty something.
 Oh absolutely.
 Well, we always said we'd be in our thirtieth when we got married. And we were going to get married to each other if we didn't by then
 Yeah.
 Thirty nine, yeah.  I can't believe it.  So you broke our pact. Thanks a lot.
 Sorry.
 Thanks a lot.  Well, okay, you've got to tell me the details.  What did he say?  Where was it?  What happened?
 Okay.  That's okay, spontaneous is great.  Spontaneous is awesome.
 Am I in it?
 Yeah.  Yeah, of course.
 Cool, perfect.  Another Chicagoite, got to love it.
 It's so weird too, right, that like you can grow up so near somebody and never know them until you travel hundreds of miles away.
 I know
 Right, being like oh, where are you from?  The U.S.  Where in the U.S.?  Chicago.  Where in Chicago?
 [LAUGHTER] I am sil
 Knowing the neighborhood.  Yeah, it's pretty bizarre.
 And now you're getting married.
 Yeah.
 That is amazing.  You must be so excited.  Did you tell your mom?
 Mm-hmm.
 Oh, did she cry?
 Yeah, she loves him.
 Yeah, she-yeah, that's my type.
 [BREATHING]
 you.. I can't believe it.  I'm so happy for you.  This is exactly what you wanted.  It's your dream come true.
 Thank you.
 The exact right guy, I fully approve.  He's a wonderful guy.  We have a great time.  He can drink.  That's awesome.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, we all have to hang out now.
 Of course, of course she will ... of course she will.  Yeah, don't go and disappear like everyone else after they get married and I never see them again.  That'll make me mad.  You don't want to make me mad.  You know how I get when I get mad.
 Exactly.
 Exactly, "laugh".
 Sorry.
 There's still time for that.
 Oh, thanks. move here before you get married [LAUGHTER]
 [BREATHING]
 Perfect, okay, good. "sigh"
 I don't feel so bad then.  Well, I'm excited for you.
 I know. I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I am very excited
 So I was one of the first ones? That makes me feel so important.
 I have to think about moving now.  We're going to move in together
 Oh yeah, of course.
 I think it's a good idea to live together before you get married.
 I think so, too.  Are you going to get a house or-
 I don't want a house, I mean just-
 L.A. apartment is fine.
 Two artists, though.  We're bound to be poor forever.
 yeah.
 yeah.
 Definitely not for a while
 yeah.
 [LAUGHTER] Good luck.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, thanks.  I'll need it.
 You won't have trouble, You won't have trouble.
 Oh thanks, you're too nice
 just being polite now
 You should just approach her like that.  Hey, will you bear my children?
 because I am not getting married.
 Exactly, [LAUGHTER] I think that'll go over great, don't you?
 Yeah, totally.
 That's what girls like, right?
 Total turn on.
 Would you mind popping out a few for me?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That'd be great, thanks.
 Brian, I need help.
 Babe, I don't know what to tell you.  Don't give up.
 Well, of course not, but what are you going to do if you move back home?  Are you going to be able to find a job there?
 I went to school and I got my degree.  And I got a job.
 Nothing's impossible.
 You have to be willing - You have to be willing to start you know at the bottom and work your way up. and
 No, it doesn't pay the bills, but it would pay something.  And it would help you get somewhere else.
 I still can't live on in six seven and five.  It's not possible in Los Angeles.  Housing is too expensive.
 and No, I understand, but you've got to start somewhere.  It's better than nothing and that's all you have.  You have nothing right now.
 Wait, You can move up.  There's management programs in McDonalds and things like that.
 [GARBAGE] No, I wouldn't, but I--
 Well, you know what?  Life gets humili... humiliating at times.
 Well, what are you going to do about it to make it different?
 Have you?  There's got to be something else.
 I'm just so scared to start over I mean.  I put so much time and energy into being here.
 Where am I supposed to go?  I mean, like what?
 If it's rent or something like that, I mean I can help you out a little bit, if- if that will help you you know stick with it.
 I don't know. Maybe I can take out a loan. I just- I need prospects and I don't feel like I have any.
 Well, just don't give up. And there's- you know, You never know, something might be around the corner tomorrow.
 Well, you know I'm not going to let you starve.
 I'm just worried.
 It's the way it seems to me.  You started complaining about not being able to find a job the first day you went out and didn't find a job.  And I'm not saying like and not trying to you know put you down or anything, it's just that-
 That's really hard to hear.
 I feel like I have faith and now faith is running thin because there is no money.
 Well, exactly.  Money is not everything.
 You know I would never let that happen.  I wouldn't let that happen.
 You can always stay with me if you- if you have to stay with me for a while and get yourself back up on your feet again.  You know I'm not just going to you know just throw you to the wolves or something like that.  If there's any way I can help you, I will.
 But you have to keep trying.  You can't give up.
 And you've got to think--well, ask yourself why are they not hiring you?
 I mean are you going in for interviews?
 Are you presenting-
 putting your best foot forward? or you
 Do they seem to like you? I mean, Can you get any read from them?
 Have you ever called them back and asked why you didn't get the job?
 Do they give you any specifics as to why they didn't go with you?
 Yeah, I understand. maybe What jobs are we talking about?
 Like- What's your ideal job?  What do you want to do?
 Well, I'd like to be a working actor.
 Of course.
 But um--
 Everyone wants to be a working actor, but they all work at something else.
 Yeah.
 So what's the something else?
 Bartending, catering.
 You can't get a catering gig?  Well, I can call some friends.  I- Well, I did call some friends before, but you went in once and then never went back.
 Would you be willing to make some more calls on my behalf? I won't--I won't make you look bad.
 If I- If you- Will you stick with it?
 yeah.
 Okay.  Okay, I'll call some people.
 Thank you.
 But you've got to keep looking for other stuff. You've got to do it on your own, too.  Okay?
 I will, I will.
 You know I'll always help you.
 Hi,um- I think my baggage was lost, and I need to I guess file a claim or I don't know what.
 Okay, what flight were you on?
 Um-Seventeen. Coming from --
 On what airline?
 It was Virgin Atlantic coming from London.
 From London, okay. Um- And you went through all your proper checkpoints?
 So you haven't seen your bags since Africa. You flew threw Heath Row to here.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Okay.  Well, let me see here. I-
 It seems like it went through Heath Row.  I see it here. uh-
 That's good.
 But uh- I don't see it here in the airport yet. uh
 I'm not sure where it is.  We can absolutely keep an eye out for for it for you.
 Well, I can't leave without it. I mean, Could you find out?
 Well, I'm not a miracle worker.  I don't know what I can do for you.  I don't have the bag right here.
 Well, as I told you, it left Heath Row and it seems to have arrived here.  But if you can't find it, then-are you sure you know what your bag looks like?
 Okay, and what is that?  What kind of bag is it?
 Um- It's a travel backpack.  It's green and gray.  It's got my name on it and my information.
 Are you sure?
 All right?  Now, um- it's green, travel bag, you couldn't find it.  And was there something important in it that you need it?
 Sentimental value.
 Right.  Well, I don't know what to tell you. Um- What I can offer you is a fifty dollar voucher on your next flight.
 No, I understand. I mean. It's got to be tough all those sentimental things, but um- this is all I can do for you.
 Well, you know, sometimes that's--really, I mean what else could we do?
 Uh- Not lose the baggage in the first place. I mean You're offering a service here. I paid so much money for that ticket.
 Well,
 Let's- Let's just relax for a moment, ma'am.  You understand, obviously, we're going to do everything we can to keep all of your luggage here.
 Obviously, we're not trying to lose your luggage.  Do you really believe that we're trying to lose your luggage ma'am?
 No, but I mean like why can't- why can't you find it?  Where did it go?  Who lost it?
 Well, I just-I paid so much money for this ticket.  I feel like you guys should be able to get-to offer me more than a fifty dollar voucher.
 Well, we're talking about one bag.  You personally made it here, didn't you?
 Yeah, meaning I didn't die in a fiery plane crash.  How convenient, but um- I paid two thousand dollar to ride your airline, and I would really appreciate getting my bags there to my destination in one place.
 Right, but part of the agreement is that I'm paying so that I can take myself and my belongings with me.
 And that you're going to transport them safely from one place to another.
 That's all you can offer me? I mean, my the stuff in there is worth way more than fifty dollar.
 Well, I understand that.  Did you buy flight insurance?
 Well, my hands are really tied then.
 Well, it's like any kind of insurance.  You don't-when you get it, then you get more. You know, Like if you--
 Well, of course not because you've got your backpack with you the whole time.  Now, if you--you said this was a travel bag.  Why weren't you carrying it on if it was so important?
 Uh, so it was really heavy.
 I'm sorry, ma'am, there's nothing else I can do.  My hands are really tied here.  I really wish there was something else I could do for you.
 I don't believe that for a second.
 Well I don't know why you wouldn't believe that.
 Well, I have no way to give you more money.  I'm giving you as much money as I can, and figuring- as far as figuring out where you bag is-
 What do you mean as you can?  Who makes up these rules?
 makes up?
 You're an autono- autonomous human being.  You could- You could go into the com-
 The airline makes these rules, mom ma'am.
 No, I don't think I am.  I like have a whole bunch of stuff that means a lot to me, and I brought it you know from Africa.  It's not like I can just go back and get it whenever I want.
 Right.
 It's not like I can go to Kmart and buy another.
 And while I really would love to be able to hand you your bag right now, obviously I can't do that.
 So you'd like the fifty dollar voucher?
 Okay, just fill out these three forms, and um- you'll- we'll have that sent to you within the next three weeks and, of course, we'll definitely keep an eye out for your bag.
 You have a wonderful day.
 A good friend of mine passed away the other day.
 Oh no, I'm so sorry. What happened?
 Oh they had some pretty progressive cancer,
 metastasized and it was old and they knew that it wasn't looking good, but-
 That's the worst.  I'm so sorry.  Did you know him well?
 Yeah.  We were.  Pretty close.
 [BREATHING]
 I am so sorry,  It's-
 It's the worst when they go like that. [GARBAGE] Was he young?
 Kind of.
 It's hard to watch when it's painful for them, you know.
 Absolutely, absolutely.
 It's the think
 I just, I don't know.
 There's no reason for it.
 I know.
 And he could of...  He was pretty awesome
 Yeah?  What'd he do?  What did they do?  How'd you know him?
 Uh,  We grew up together.
 yeah.
 Is he an actor too, or-?
 Yeah, he kind of did a lot of things, but we acted together, sometimes.
 I feel really bad for his family, you know.
 Yes of course, of course.
 It must be really, really hard to lose a child.
 Was he very close to his family?
 Yeah.  And they were really supportive, like through the whole process, but-
 yeah.
 [BREATHING]
 I can't imagine what his- what his parents are going through.
 Of course not.  You have no idea what it's like to lose a kid.
 Yeah, I'm just going to miss him.
 Thank you.
 Is there a funeral planned? or-
 Yeah, they're going to do some sort of memorial service or something.
 Cool, Well, If you want me to go with you, I will.
 Thanks.
 No problem.
 It's really bizarre, you know, when you know somebody really well, and then...
 something happens and they die and it's like-
 really hard to imagine that like you're going to continue to live, and that person's just going to have stopped.
 Right, it just doesn't make any sense, it's not real.  It doesn't feel real.
 yeah.
 [BREATHING]
 Do you know what, it's going to pass,eventually, I mean it'll never pass, it'll always be there, and you'll always remember and everything like that, but you know.  It'll get easier I guess.
 yeah.
 That's the best way to put it.
 It's hard to say good-bye.
 Absolutely.
 [BREATHING]
 Do you know what, if it was me that died, I'd really want you to be crying and being really upset too any way. So, I think you should definitely do this, because it's trying what it's supposed to be.
 yeah yeah.
 So guess what.
 what
 I got into college.
 Shut up.  What'd you get, where'd you get accepted to? please
 U.S.C..
 Oh, sweet.
 yeah.
 So you're not going to leave me.
 No.
 oh, good good good good good good.
 I'll stay in town.
 Are you going to live on campus?  Where are you going to live?
 Uh- I don't know.
 Uh! stay over here.  Like travel to school. because you are so close to me
 Well, I don't want to, I don't want to live with my mom.
 Okay, you're right, you're right, you're right,  right.  Maybe we should get a place together.
 Whoa.  What an idea.  Where would you want to live?
 That'll be awesome.
 I don't know.  Well.  I wouldn't mind living by the U.S.C. campus, you know, but I'm not going to go to school right now, so.
 But I'd love to go all the US- all the U.S.C. parties and do all that crazy stuff with you.
 Whoa, this is going to be so much fun.
 it is going to be so much fun. Yes.
 Uh! I'm so happy that you're not going to go away.
 Thank you. I know, I'm really, really, really excited.
 Oh, I bet you're going to love it too.  You always wanted to go to U.S.C..
 I know they have a really, really great program for what I want to do.
 You're going to have so much fun.  And there's lo- tons of people, you're going to meet so many people, I'm going to meet so many people too, because we're going to be there together.
 Can we for real live together?
 Sure, why not.  I don't know why not, I'm not doing anything I have no plans, I could live anywhere I want.
 awesome.
 So should we get a place near campus? or-
 That'll be great. That'll be great.
 We should try to find, like, a party spot though, like you know where there's going to be a lot of parties, where there are cool people, though.  Do you know any people that might be out there?
 okay.
 Yeah, me either.
 [garbage] I know, I know, I know, we'll figure it out.  Right?  [garbage] it is going to be so much fun.
 It's going to be ridiculous.  It's going to be so cool.
 You can't make fun of me because I'm not going to school, though, because I'm going to be working though.
 [LAUGHTER] Oh, I'm going to be working too, I mean.
 I- I hear the same.
 Woo- I I do.
 I don't know how I feel about that, but-
 I know exactly how you feel about that. I think you feel really excited about it.  I know you are. I can tell. I know you.
 oh yeah.
 oh yeah.
 You're a wild and crazy woman.
 [LAUGHTER] Oh, it'll be awesome, that's for sure.
 Uh huh, it will be awesome.
 Better than if I'd picked up and moved to Boston.
 living near the U.S.C. campus by myself, not going to school there. just really pathetic and sad.
 [LAUGHTER] by yourself.
 you'd be that kid
 living near campus, and not going to school.
 Exactly.  Mooching off of all like the college experiences, that would've been me but you have saved me from that disaster. Thank you. Thank you very much.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, it's going to be so much fun.
 yeah.
 Well, congratulations. and to me too, because now I get to-have-
 We should go apartment shop-er-hunting.
 That's a good idea.
 Let's go tomorrow.
 Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow-
 yeah.
 Good.  We'll have to have one soon, you're going to have to go to school in a couple of months.
 Woo-
 Oh God, it's awesome... There's going to be tons of places. [garbage]
 exciting.
 Hi, sir.  How can I help you?
 Okay.
 [LAUGHTER] All right.  I'm sorry, sir that you've been having a hard time.
 This is ridiculous.  I- I seriously, I don't understand why you think these automated systems are supposed to like work for anybody.  They have never, ever work for me.
 I kwon, it is ridiculous
 yeah, I understand.
 Can you like talk to somebody about this, can you like can you tell them that this is ridiculous and can they change it from now on, is there a phone number you have that I can call that will like automatically be talking to somebody a human being.
 Uh- when's when's-
 If yeah, well if you just slow down we'll um, we'll definitely have your problem solved and after we have your problem solved, then I can transfer you to a manager, someone who can you know, you can voice your complaint to, who will be able to something about it.
 Like I know I paid last month, but it hasn't been paid and you charged me a late fee.
 Okay, so where?, okay, all right, so where did you uh- locate your your bill?
 In the mail?
 So is it, is- is it at all possible that maybe this statement is just old and that the transaction hadn't been processed yet?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay so, I'll just look it up and you know see what's going on, maybe we can...
 if I call it up on the screen.
 Okay, great, go ahead.
 So in the database, it looks as though um, there is a there is like a glitch in the transaction where it hadn't gone through before, but I do see that you paid the, what can you tell me the amount, what was the amount?
 Okay, I do see that on here, and it says that um, it had some trouble clearing for some reason.  And I think that was the problem on our end.  So um-
 Well you know sometimes-- just with online transactions, things happens. so um-
 No, No, No, I am grateful.
 Yeah, we- Somebody went in and- and cleared the problem and it looks like you're all paid.
 Did they take-
 You do the direct the direct it um- it's taking right out of your bank account, correct?
 Yes, yes, exactly.
 Yeah so- That --that did go through.
 Are you taking the late fee off of my account then?
 Um- I can try to do that for you, certainly.
 Right, right, and since--yeah, since it was just a computer glitch, then that's that should be cleared up as well.  So I'm going to go ahead and try and put that into the computer.  And if for some reason you notice on your statement in a few days that you've been charged and an overdue fee, then you should just call back and we'll have that.
 Right.
 Well I'll give you my direct line and my number so you can- you can  get directly to me.
 yeah.
 That would be wonderful, that would be great seriously.
 No problem.
 thank you, what's the number?
 ahh one eight hundred three two three
 three two three
 six four nine four
 six four nine four. That would be so great, thank you so much.
 You're welcome
 I'm sorry that it was an inconvenience.
 It was horrible, but you've made it much better, thank you very much. Absolutely
 Have a good day.
 You too, thank you so much, have a wonderful day.
 bye bye
 What's he going to say? Maybe we should tell him before he sees it.
 He saw it.
 He was out here when it broke.
 Around Four this morning, and there was a crack and I looked out.  We're standing right there when I cracked.
 I don't know.  but When it cracked he ran back into the house and start to cry in the kitchen.
 Did you talk to him?
 No.  I figured it was best to leave him alone.
 He cried hard.
 I could hear him right through the floor of my room.
 He is thinking about him again.
 It's getting just like after Larry died, he's having dreams, he's walking around at night.
 I guess, he is.
 What's the meaning of that?
 I don't know the meaning of it.  But I know one thing mom did.  We made a terrible mistake with dad.
 Being dishonest with him.  It's the kind of thing that pays off and now it's paying off.
 You know that Larry's not coming back, and I know it.  So why do we go on letting him think that we believe with him?
 For God's sake, mom, three years.  Nobody comes back after three years!  It's insane!
 You know why I asked Annie here, don't you?
 Well I got an idea.  But what's the story?
 I'm going to ask her to marry me.
 Well you're a considerate fellow, there's nothing wrong with that.
 To hell with that!
 Have you asked Annie yet to marry you?
 Well how did you know that she will go along with it, I mean maybe she feels the same way as your father?
 The trouble is you don't see enough women, you never have
 Well I just don't see why it has to be Annie.
 You marry his girl, and you're pronouncing him dead.  Now what's going to happen to your father, do you know?  I don't.
 What the hell is this?
 Are you crazy?
 The business?  The business?  It doesn't inspire me?
 All right!  But don't think like that, because I mean, what the hell did we do all this for, Chris?  The whole business it's all for you!  The whole shooting match is for you!
 Why does that bother you?
 She's been in New York three and a half years.  Why all of the sudden?
 Well maybe.  Maybe she just wanted to see her again.
 What did you mean? He lived next door to the girl all of his life, why wouldn't he want to see her again? Don't look at me like that, he didn't tell me any more than he told you.
 She's not his girl.  She knows she's not.
 I want you to pretend like he's coming back!
 Because if he's not coming back, then I'll kill myself.
 Laugh.  Laugh at me, but what happens the night that she goes to sleep in his bed, and his memorial breaks in pieces?
 Only last week, another boy turned up in Detroit, been missing longer than Larry, you read it yourself.
 You've got to believe. You've got to--
 What do you mean me above all?  Look at you.  You're shaking!
 I can't help it!
 What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?
 You're the only one I know who loves his parents.
 I know.  It's going out of style isn't it?
 No, it's good.
 It's so lovely here.  The air is sweet.
 No.  But I'm not going to stay.
 What?
 Well sort of embarrassed soon as I came.
 Well the plan was to kind of sneak up on you over a period of a week or so.  But uh- they take it for granted that we're all set.
 How did you know?
 Well, from her point of view why else would I come?
 I guess this is why I came.
 Anne, I love you.  I love you a great deal.  I love you!
 I- I -I have no imagination, that's all I know what to say, I-I'm embarrassing you. I I didn't want to tell you here.  I wanted it to be some place different, some place where we could be new to each other you know.
 You feel it's wrong here, don't you- this yard, this chair?  I want you to be ready for me Annie.  I don't want to win you away from anything.
 Oh God- I kissed Annie! I can't believe I kissed Annie!  How long I've wanted to do this.
 I'll never forgive you.  Why did you wait so long?  All this time I've been wondering if I was a fool for thinking of you!
 Oh Annie, we're going to live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.
 Not like that, you're not.
 Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.  Chris, what's the matter?
 Yeah, I suppose I have been.  But it's going from me.
 It wouldn't work like this.
 It's- It's mixed up with so many other things, I-
 Remember when I was overseas?  I was in command of the company.
 yeah sure.
 Yeah.  I lost them.
 how many?
 just about all.
 Oh gee.
 Takes a little time to toss something like that off you know because they weren't just men-
 for instance, there's this one time.  It had been raining for several days.  And this kid came up to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks. you know, He just put them in my pocket.
 I know that- that's not a big thing, but it's just the kind of guys I had. They didn't die. They- They killed themselves for each other.
 I mean that exactly that-a little more selfish and they would have still been here today.
 And I got an ideal, watching them all go down.  Everything was being destroyed see and-
 but it seemed to me that something new was being created at the same time, a kind of responsibility, man for man.  Do you understand me?
 And to show that-to-to bring that back onto the earth again like a- like a monument.  And everyone would have it standing behind them and- and it would make a difference for them.
 And then I went home and it was incredible.  It had no meaning here.
 It was all like some kind of bus accident to them.  I went back to work with my dad, in that whole rat race again.
 And I felt what you said- ashamed somehow-because nobody had changed at all.  It seemed to make suckers out of a whole lot of guys. and
 It felt wrong to be alive-to open that bank-book; to buy that new car; to look at that new refrigerator.  I mean, you can take those things out of the war, but if you drive that car, you have to know that that comes from the love that a man has for a man.  And you've got to be a little bit better than that!
 Do you still feel like that?
 I I want you now, Annie.
 Because you can't feel like that anymore Chris, you hear me?  I mean everything that you have, you deserve.  And that includes me.  And your father?  Your father put hundreds of planes in the air, you should be proud.  A man should be paid for that.
 Oh Annie.  Annie, I am going to make you a fortune!
 What would I do with a fortune?
 What time is it?  Isn't it supposed to start running around midnight?  This is great, isn't it?  Look at this great night we got here.  Couldn't be better--
 actually I was hoping to go a little bit further up the coast to get away from the lights and the people but I was afraid I will miss it.  How are you doing?
 Fine.
 Is that--no, no no is that foam?  I can't even tell, although if I- if I can't tell, it probably isn't it?  Right It'll probably be unmistakable, but don't you think?  How you doing?
 Oh no, you know what I did.  I forgot my flashlight.  How could I be so stupid?  I can't believe I forgot my flashlight.
 What flashlight?
 yes.
 Are you cold?  You want my jacket?  We should have bought a blanket.  Our blanket-.  This is great, isn't it?
 I didn't even think to bring a six-pack.  A six-pack would be just the thing right about now. I can't believe I forgot.  And look at kid, I am surprise I make it out of the house about flies it.
 [LAUGHTER] I wonder if they can hear me talk or if they can feel the vibration in the sand when we are moving around
 you want my jacket?
 It's after eleven, let's go home.
 Right.
 Not particularly.
 I just don't.
 Honey, this is a natural phenomenon. I mean,  It happens like once a year.  It's a great opportunity.
 Think about people in Kansas, they have to get a- a plane reservation and a hotel reservation just to see this uh- but we are just forty minutes away.  Too good to pass up.
 Yeah but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives, all that flopping around is laying eggs or what you- mating or spawning or something like that.
 This is a big night for these guys.  Life's last orgy. Yeah
 Okay, but they are fish that do something that no other fish do.  Like the swallows returning to Capistrano, or the lemmings jumping off a cliff you know like that.
 There's There's mystery here and magic.  A little bit of the unexplainable.  I can't understand how you could not be interested.
 I am just not.
 Yes.
 Look there, what's that?  Is it?  Is that a--Ah, it's a seaweed isn't it?
 Oh, this is great.  I wouldn't miss this for the world.  I mean think about this. I know you are not interested but think about this for a second.
 Somewhere out there, is a giant mass of silver fish all swimming in this direction.  They don't know why and we don't know why. They didn't get an invitation.  And it wasn't a vote- it wasn't a decision.  And nobody sent them a map or anything like that.
 It's just some little instinctual time-release firecracker that went off inside them and all this one they turn around and form a line as long as the California coast and just started swimming.
 They are swimming right now as if it's the only thing that matters.  It's- It's single mindedness with no mind, urgency that's pure urge. It's- They don't know what drives them.  They- They don't give any name or ask any question. They just turn as one and started to swim to the very point we are standing right now for a massive celebration of sex and death.  God, it's giving me goose bumps all over my hairs on my arm. popping up.
 Well, So what do you think?
 Well, so?  What do you think?
 It certainly is not. It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.
 I am not the only one, look at all these people.
 Carla, can I ask you a question?  Now don't be upset, are you having a period?
 God damn it, Augie.  Why do you always ask things like that?  It's so insulting.
 Well We will see them this year.
 Augie, do you remember the first time we came to see it?  It was about four years ago right after we got married and we thought I was pregnant.
 We had a bottle of champagne but no glasses and you ask me to dance so we took off our shoes and while we were dancing, you said the most intimate things right in my ears so I could feel them as much as hear them.
 And I remember thinking, Finally, finally.  I am as happy as I am supposed to be.
 Wait a minute, I got it.
 Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne from the bottle.
 I rather not remember some things.  I rather not hope for some things.
 Okay, all right I got it.  You wanted it to be like the other time, okay no problem. Listen, You want to dance?
 No.
 You want me to go get some champagne?
 No.
 Take off our shoes?
 What.  Welcome to the human race.
 This what?  What is this?  This isn't even anything.
 Sure, this is standing.  This is waiting.  This is fighting.
 But this isn't anything like I thought it would be.
 No, I know me either.
 I mean it is just this , I mean it includes a lot and everything and you know it's the sand and it's the full moon and I just-I am sorry but I couldn't help wishing I was somewhere else.
 Maybe if you are with somebody else too?
 I didn't say that.
 No, I know, but.  I know I don't make you happy.
 For heaven's sake Augie, wherever I am I always wanted to be with you.
 Whatever I am doing, I wanted to be with you.  I mean you are probably the one who wishes you were with somebody else, somebody who didn't take everything so hard and who knows how to enjoy herself.
 Actually, now that you mention it.  No, I don't.
 Good.  So maybe we are on the wrong spot but we are with the right person.
 I don't know.  Seems like a pretty good spot to me I mean look at the view of the moon you got from here.
 Yes, I did notice that.  It does look really beautiful on the water.  The gold white moon.
 Well, look what we have got here.
 No, I am beginning to think that maybe this is the spot after all.
 Shh, If we're very quiet, the fish might come.
 Or not.
 Good God.
 I wonder.
 Hello?  Hello?  What?  Wrong number.
 Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.
 Behave exquisitely.
 With the most perfect poise.
 Yes, I shall probably do a Court Curtsey.
 The whole business is really rather ridiculous.
 Meaning exactly that.
 What does it all mean?  That's what I asked myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God, what does it all mean?
 Who's they?
 All the futile mortals who try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them.  Be flippant.  Laugh at everything, all their sacred shibboleths.  Flippancy brings out the acid in their damned sweetness and light.
 Certainly you must.  We're figures of fun alright [LAUGHTER].
 Well, what if-what happens when our love-
 Who knows?
 No, that fire will fade along with our passion.
 It all depends on how well we played.
 Well, what if one of us dies, does the other laugh then?
 Yes, yes, with all his might.
 No, no it isn't.  Death is very laughable.  Come such a cunning little mystery all done with mirrors.
 no, So is everyone else in the long run.  Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and --
 enjoy the party as long as we can like very little quite idiotic schoolchildren. [garbage] Let's savor the delight of the moment.
 Darling, come here and kiss me before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.
 Do you remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
 The one where you bought that little painted wooden snake and put it on my bed.
 Charles.  That was his name.  He did wriggle so beautifully.
 Horrible thing, I hate it.
 How long did that row last?
 The worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt a hole in my new dressing gown.
 Oh, that was quite a rouser, wasn't it?
 Oh, I didn't hit you very hard.
 And then the manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor biting and scratching like panthers.
 [LAUGHTER] I shall never forget his face.
 Oh, ridiculous. utterly ridiculous
 Oh, we were very much younger then.
 Oh, As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.
 You knew there was nothing.
 You knew there was nothing in that.
 Only a trivial little broach.
 You worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.
 You must admit that he was in love with you, wasn't he?
 maybe just a little, but--
 You let him kiss you.  You said you did.
 And what of it?
 Well, I- he got a lot of pleasure out of it and it didn't hurt me.
 Well, that's a nice point of view I must say.
 So am I, bored stiff.  Would you like some brandy?
 I'll have a little I think.
 I don't see why you want any.  You've already had three glasses.
 Well, it seems silly to go on and on in such a thing.
 It's becoming a habit with you.
 You needn't be so grand simply because you don't happen to want any at the moment.
 Really, Amanda.
 Just making myself fascinating for you.
 Oh, that reply has broken my heart.
 It's a pity you didn't take a little more brandy.  It might have made you a little less disagreeable.
 Um, It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.
 adder don't snap, they sting.
 They sting.
 They snap.
 I don't care if they bark and roll around like hoops, okay.
 Did you see much of Peter Burden after the divorce?
 Yes, I did quite a bit.
 I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more then.
 Mind your own business.
 You must have a riotous time, no restraint at all, very enjoyable.  I mean, you never had much anyway.
 Oh dear, you really are becoming quite insufferable.  I would imagine it's because you're drunk.
 Not very funny, dear, you better have some more brandy.
 Why?
 There aren't any people upstairs; it's a photographer's studio.
 They're away in Tunis.
 Turn it on again.
 Fine, if you insist on being completely insolent.
 Turn it off.  It is driving me mad.
 Well, do try to control yourself darling.
 Turn it off.
 You really do need to develop uh a clearer head.
 Turn it off.
 I- I hate you.
 Amanda-- Listen- Listen-
 I hate you.
 No, no.  I'm tired of listening to you.  You're boorish and idiotic and completely overbearing.
 Very music- amusing indeed.
 Yeah, very amusing.  Let me go.  I'm getting out of here.  I can't believe I intended to marry you.
 You are a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast, and I never want to set eyes on you again.
 Oh, marry you again?  I must have been insane.  What was I thinking?  I mean, you're completely outrageous.
 Shut up, shut up.  I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling to me on bended knee. You're a mean, evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never set eyes on you again.
 Beast; brute; cad; whore
 Can I help you?
 Oh, this- this form that you have is the wrong form.  You need to go over to the other line on the other side of the D.M.V..
 Right, but this is the wrong form.  Somebody gave you the wrong form.
 Yeah.  So, I can't -- I can't do anything-
 No, but this is for um- replacements and you need a new -- whole new license as a California --
 I'm not getting a -- well, you wait in this line and not get an attitude.
 No, I understand and there are a lot of people here.  But what I'm telling you is that it's different for different states and since your getting a new license in the state of California -- You have to fill out a different form than you did.
 I know.
 Yeah.  I know it's gonna take a minute.  But you-- so you might as well get started now.
 Wouldn't you? Oh, come on.  you just tell me.  You would make an exception for me.
 I'm gonna- I'm gonna bring security over and have them escort you out.
 Well, that's unfortunate, sir.  You're gonna have to go stand in the other line now.
 Sweetheart, I've got to tell you something.  I just got a call.  I'm going to Iraq.
 I know it's really crappy timing, but I don't have a choice.
 I don't have a choice.  I have to go.  If I don't go, they'll come and take me.
 I know.
 I don't want to -- the kids.  You've got to take care of them.  You've got- you've got to-
 tell them about me and show them pictures of me and everything like that, because they are not going to see me for such a long time.  And it's such an important time and I just don't want to miss it.
 I don't have -- I know.  What are we gonna- What are we- just run away?  What can I do?  Where can we go?
 What would be the worst that would happen if they found you somewhere else?
 Well, they're so young.
 I know.  But I'll-I'll send the pictures all the time and I'll write them emails and you can read them the emails that I send them.
 I'm gonna be in Bagdad, just doing security.
 I just want to be honest with you.  I don't want you to .
 but, it's gonna be fine.  I'm gonna be fine.  You know I'm good at this.  I can do this.  That's why I trained all this time.  I'm good at this.  Okay?
 I know.  I know.  I know.  But, you know what?  That doesn't mean it's gonna be me; does it?
 No.  It doesn't.  And you can't think like that.
 I don't want you to -- I know.  I know. You can't worry about me.  You've got to worry about the kids.  And you've got to take care of the kids for me.  Okay?  Take care of the kids for me; all right?
 It's just so much.
 I'll miss you, baby.
 [GARBAGE] You have to write me everyday.
 All- I'll write you everyday, all the time.  And I'll send you pictures and you send me pictures. I know We've got email out there.  We've got email and I can see stuff and you can send me stuff all the time.  Okay?
 yeah yeah yeah.
 You you record every second.  You record every second because I want to see it all.  Okay?
 okay.
 [GARBAGE]
 Guess what?
 what?
 I did it, I asked her to marry me.
 Yes, I did it.
 When?
 Oh my god, it was just last weekend.
 Oh, what, how- where how did you do it?
 She--,well, she said yes, first of all, let me say that right off the bat. Well, I would like to assume, too.  But you never know these things, right?
 Okay good. I I assumed.
 oh-
 I did it up at Yosemite.  We went camping right like we usually do.  You know we go camping up there all the time.  But, um- the waterfalls had died down a little bit, you know. And so uh- we-I had her climb up.
 You know- we did some- you know some rock climbing up the waterfalls and went up to this little pool that was up there.  And then, I- it's great. Um- You have to climb this little rock-
 uh-huh
 and you can climb it and it's covered in algae you know. So, I wanted her to climb it to go take a picture, like, back in this little waterfall area, and she got back there and she took her picture. And then, I had her come back.  And I was going to do the same thing.
 Well, instead I climb up on the rock and like I- I didn't do it -- well, I did it on purpose. I made it look like I accidentally did it.  I slipped down into this pool of water, right?  And she freaks out because I slide all the way down this rock.  And um-
 And I pop up out of the water -- and I had planned it already, you know? I pop up out of the water and I [BREATHING] and I like, grab her hand, you know.  and that In my hand, I've got the ring.
 And she's like- she feels it you know and she doesn't know what it is.  And she you know helps me get out and I won't let go of her hand.  And she's like, what are you doing?  I and said, You saved my life, now will you marry me?
 Oh, my God.  That's so dramatic.
 Wasn't that great? I didn't want it to be too hokey.but- but- She liked it.She liked it.
 so cute.
 No, it's totally original, though.
 oh.
 Yeah.  And she said yes.  And she cried, of course.
 Oh, Then you had a whole weekend of camping?
 Yes.  We did that in the beginning, exactly.  So we had, so we just had, you know, good times the rest of the weekend, yeah.
 Oh, right. sure [LAUGHTER]
 It was a lot of fun- It was a lot of fun.  She's great.  And I'm so happy.
 So where are you going to have your wedding?
 We're going to do it back in the Midwest where her family all is.  They're all out there. you know so, Um  And so, just gonna have a small, small wedding. But, um- you know, of course, you're going to come, right?
 Yeah. of course.
 Okay Okay.
 Um- And she wants you to be in it, too.  She loves you so much. She thinks you're the sweetest.  Of course, you are.  You're You're my best friend so-
 Where is she right now?
 oh, She's back at work. yeah.
 Yeah,I'll hang out with the both of you.
 Of course.  We'll go out to dinner later this week.
 yes.
 It will be perfect.
 Oh I'm so excited for you.
 oh.
 She's the one.
 Oh, my gosh.  You told your parents already? and everything
 Of course.  I told them right away.  We called them all right them.
 Are they so excited?
 Oh, yeah.  My mom's freaking out. Oh yeah, She's so happy. this is you know  It's her dream come true.  She always wanted her little boy -- she wants kids, you know.
 She wants grandkids. So we'll be working on that right away.
 Are you guys gonna have kids?
 Of course, we're gonna have kids, like three at least.
 She wants like eight- She wants like eight kids and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no.  I am like what Let's do maybe three and we'll go with that.
 Are you going to start right away?
 Well, we're going to take a little bit of time, you know, we need to get acclimated and you know start our lives, make money, you know be comfortable.
 Yeah, have you ever like lived with someone else before?
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I mean, actually we lived together awhile back when we -- Yeah, back in college for a little while. yeah.
 But that- so we are really used to each other. We took the time apart and now we're going to get back together.  We're going to move in soon.
 Oooh
 it's great. I'm a lucky man.
 That's incredible yeah ,Congratulations.
 Thank you.
 Really? It's been that long?
 Wow.
 What have you been trying?
 Right.
 Well, I mean, right now I'm just doing a little bit of everything.  And I don't- I don't think that I'm in like a profession, like career oriented place.
 You plan on being there forever? I mean, Like, what do you --
 No.  I'm just working in restaurants and stuff. But, I'm also trying to audition and what not.  So, it's --
 yeah.
 right.
 Really?
 L.A. is really hard.  I mean, have you tried like just going into a bar a couple of times to make friends with people who work there? and
 I was just going to say that's your issue. Maybe you are going in too much. No, I mean, just
 are you going into the bars every night?
 Well, I don't really know.  I don't I don't know you in like a job situation, so.
 Wow.  I don't -- I mean, do you- do you have an attitude problem when you're on the job?
 Maybe [garbage].
 Right.  Maybe you have, like, you know a little bit of an abrasive vibe or something.
 An abrasive vibe?
 I don't know.  I'm I'm just trying --
 Let me know that's -- that's fine.  You think I have an abrasive vibe, whatever.  You're entitled to your opinion, of course.  Maybe that's why I don't have a job.
 Are you getting defensive?
 Yeah.  That might be something you want to look at.  I mean --
 Okay.
 I understand.
 Yeah, it's stressful.  I recognize that.
 ah.
 Not- Not selling pot, right?
 Okay so.
 Fair enough.
 Sorry.  So, let's see.  What else?  What's available? What? Um.  Hmm.
 Well, not off the top of head.  It will just take you know take a minute.  But do you have any, like, special skills?
 Well, maybe we can find you something with juggling.
 Have you checked out Craig's List and stuff?
 What if you do kids parties? oh, come on.
 Okay.  All right.
 Okay.  Well, fine. we won't- I won't argue with you about that.
 That's rough.  I'm really sorry, Ryan.
 Well, um, is that kinda like the side of you that you let people see when you go into these job interviews?
 Okay.  Well, that's good.  Yeah, I mean, you're you're- when you're happy you're a pretty personable guy.  And I don't --I don't
 I can't see where the issue would be. so
 Yeah, well thanks for your help.
 I'll need it.
 Hi. Um-  My luggage didn't come out of the conveyor thingy.
 Hmm. Hmm.
 So, um, what do I do?
 How long ago was that?
 Uh- Like, an hour and a half ago.  I talked to somebody who was standing out there and they said wait.  Sometimes like random butt- pieces come out late.
 Uh-Hmm.
 And so I waited there, but nothing came.
 Um, okay.  Well, you can fly- file a claim.  Where were you coming from?
 I was coming from um the Midwest, like Iowa.
 So, within the country, though? umm
 Yeah, I know I was in the country.  I mean, it's not that complicated.
 Yeah, well the chances of it being lost forever, you know, are slight because -- -- you were in the --
 Well, I would hope so.
 Well, I mean, you know that happens pretty often that sometimes baggage -- -- gets lost.
 People lose --
 yeah.
 You know, this is actually, I mean it's -- it's a really important piece of luggage.
 Okay.
 I mean, it's not big or anything like that.  I mean, it's not worth a lot of money or anything.
 Did you have insurance on your flight?
 No, you have to buy it now.  It's like thirty dollar extra.
 well, it's something that worth
 yeah, I don't know.
 Chances are it's probably just you know -- taking time being um- unloaded from the airplane.
 Um, well, there's not much I can do.  I can, you can file this report and we'll call you when it comes in.
 wow.
 Wow.  Well, that's really important, obviously.  But, um --
 Uh- Actually, I don't know that that's legal. Um- it is the issue
 Yeah I mean, Your bag might have been confiscated because it's --
 -- it's a biohazard. so- um
 Yeah.  Let me just call security.
 [LAUGHTER] Okay.  Hold on.
 Thank you
 I just got some bad news.
 My friend, Shotty, passed away.
 Oh, I'm so sorry
 The end, he's been sick for awhile.  He had cancer.
 Oh, my gosh.
 Yeah.  It's just, I never thought it would actually happen, you know? I mean- He's such a fighter and he's always so positive about everything.
 You know, he was gonna, and we -- all the way up to the end we were just talking about how- you know all the stuff we were gonna do and, you know.  When he finally kicked this stupid cancer, you know, and we were gonna --
 he wanted to travel, you know.  And he's so talented.  Probably the most talented person I have ever met in my entire life.
 What did he do?
 He was a designer, you know.  But he did everything. You know, He painted and he- and he did costume design, he did set design, he did lighting, he was --
 he just did everything.  He was literally, literally the most talented guy I have ever met in my entire life.
 And he's gone now and I  -- I just can't believe it.
 Yeah.  I'm so sorry.
 I mean, one second you think, you know, you're just having a conversation and then --
 you know, sometimes you think you want to make that phone call, or you think you want to tell somebody something, or something like that.  Do you know what I mean?  Like that's -- he was the person that I did that with.  You know, like, that's the person who I needed to call to tell things to all the time.
 You guys have been-
 And now I don't have that person anymore, you know.  And it's -- -- it's just, you.
 You think that things get easier, you know, as you as you get older and you -
 and it just gets worse.  It just gets worse, everything is bad all the time; people die, your friends die, family dies, your best friends die. it's-
 I'm sorry. I-
 You always think, you know when you were- you know when you were a little kid and you think something is gonna happen, like, it will all be better when I am older, you know?
 Wow, Ryan I know that you are hurting right now but I don't think you always feel like that.
 No, you're right.  I don't.  You're right.
 Even, yeah -- he doesn't he would never feel that way, he would never want me to feel that way.  Of course not, but that's just where I am right now and -- -- I don't know what else to do with it.
 Yeah. I understand.  I think it's really healthy to grieve.
 I just miss him.
 If there's anything I can do to be there for you.
 Thanks.
 Guess what?
 What?
 I got it.  I got accepted to U.S.C..
 Oh, for real?
 Yes! I just found out today.  I just got the letter.
 oh,I'm so glad.
 I know. I know.  I'm so excited.
 What are you gonna study?
 oh, Theater. yeah, yeah.
 Really? Are you doing the M.F.A. program?
 yes.
 oh-
 I heard it's so tough to get into.
 It's exactly what I wanted.
 That's awesome.
 I worked really hard, I'll say, I worked really hard. You know, I I'm not bragging or anything like that. But-
 Yeah, that's awesome.
 No.
 Uh huh.  Yes, seriously, for years.
 Finally.  I'm so excited.  We're gonna -- well, I'll be here.  We're still gonna be able to see each other.
 I know.  I know.  I'm- I'm definitely -- I realize [LAUGHTER].
 What are you, wait, what are you doing?
 Um- I'm gonna be studying at U.S.C., too.
 Perfect!  Oh, my God.  Are you staying, are you going to live on campus?
 Yeah.  Totally- Well where are you going to live?
 We are gonna have a great time.
 [garbage] I'm going to live on campus.  I mean, well, around campus, anyway.  Yeah, housing around campus.
 Oh yeah.
 Good tradeoff
 I just want to be really close to things, you know.  I know it's not exactly the best neighborhood in the entire world. But uh-
 I don't- I don't think it's that bad.
 I don't- you know ,I feel the same way, you know what I mean.  And everybody says a lot of other crap you know, they don't know what they are talking about anyway.
 yeah.
 They don't live here.  They don't know, right?
 Yeah. I think it's really also if you- if you consider yourself like, us and them, kind of thing- If you think you're part of your community then --you going to like it more
 yeah.
 Exactly.  You make it what you make it. You know? Right? And I'm gonna make it so freaking awesome.
 Right, Exactly.
 Oh I'm so glad.
 yeah.
 So when do you know, like, where you're gonna live? and-
 Well, I don't know.  I've got to go look for a place.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah, yeah.  I- I don't- I don't know.  Do you have any suggestions?
 Um-
 You know the area better than I do.
 Yeah.  I mean, I know, I know, like the- the housing surrounding the campus pretty well.
 Um- How many people do you want to live with?
 Not a lot.  I mean, I wouldn't want to live with more than three other people.  So, like four of us total, right?
 All dudes?
 I don't care. I don't care.
 Um- I think I have some friends.
 yeah?
 yeah.
 That would be perfect.
 There's actually, a friend of mine is um- moving out of her place and her place is amazing-- And it's really cheap.
 Really?
 Really?
 yeah.
 Cheap is exactly what I need- Because I have no money at all.
 Okay.
 But, uh--
 Loans, scholarships, I've got a lot of scholarships-- Yeah, yeah. I'm- I'm half Native American so I get all those scholarships, too. yeah.
 You've got a lot- oh, awesome.
 Oh cool.
 So it comes Indian like. And you know I'm kind of smart, so.
 Yeah.
 totally.
 good for you.
 And yeah, well, I mean, basically I just applied for any and every possible scholarship and grant that could come by, so I can go.
 the way to do it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.  And it's gonna work out.  I'm gonna be able to pay for it, I'm gonna go, I mean, I'll have a little debt in the end.  But I don't care.
 Wow, are you so excited?
 It's just you know a dream come true.  How could you not be excited about a dream come true?
 You're gonna be so busy, too. You're going to have to work so hard.
 Oh I know, I know.
 But I'm so looking forward to being so busy. You know what I mean?  It's the kind of busy you've got to love, right?
 Because you're doing something you love.  That's the kind of busy you want.  I want to be able to do that for the rest of my life.  Be that kind of busy.
 All right.  Wow.  So exciting.
 I had to tell you right away.  I knew you'd be excited.
 We'll have fun.
 Yeah.  We'll have so much fun.
 Great.  Okay.
 D.S.L. Extreme, can I help you?
 This happens every two weeks?
 You've lost your connection.
 okay.
 Hmm.  Mmm.
 Has somebody tried to pin your site?
 Uh, yeah.  We've pinned it a couple of times.
 Okay. Um-  Well, I don't know.  And it consistently happens every two weeks?
 Pretty much, yeah - I don't know if it's, like, bad phone lines or something.
 Well, you know what, does your D.S.L. cable -- you have D.S.L., right?
 Hmm. Mmm.
 Okay.  Does your D.S.L. cable, you know, travel a long distance by any chance? - Does it go through any windows?  I mean, is it --
 yeah.
 It goes- It goes, like, through doorways.  But it goes a long distance.
 Okay.  Is it being- Is it being compressed between anything by any chance?  Because sometimes your connection can be you know, disrupted by, you know, the cable being squished.
 Yeah. That can be- That can create a bad connection.  And it won't always be a bad connection, but it will be bad off and on.
 Well, I- I can check that.  Is there anything else we can do, too?  Like, I'll go through and check the line throughout the house, but --
 Yeah, well, absolutely.  What we can -- let's just go ahead and just do a basic diagnostic of your system first off, okay.  Can you go down to your start button?
 Uh huh.
 Okay, And uh- go ahead and click on run.
 All right.
 Okay.  We're gonna get your -- a little black box is going to come up.  Do you see that?
 Yeah, I see that.
 Okay Uh- You've got your C calling, go ahead and type in directory list.
 Okay.
 And hit enter.
 Okay.
 Okay?  Can you tell me what that says?
 Uh, it it's like a bunch of different letter and numbers and stuff.
 Okay Okay, And Um- letters and numbers and stuff.  Uh- Can you - Can you just type in IP address search? And hit enter.
 Uh huh, Okay.
 Okay?  Does it list your IP address there?
 Uh, yeah looks -- no, no.  It's set to zeros.
 It's set to zeros.  Okay, maybe that's our problem.  That could very well be our problem there.  Somehow you've lost your IP address.  I'm not sure why that would happen every week.  It could be a cycling issue, something like that.  But let's go ahead and type your IP address in again.
 Well, if it does happen again, let me give you my direct number and you can call me.  Actually, I'll give you my cell number. Um- It's --
 Of course.  we seriously- Yeah, I mean, obviously you've worked- you know -- I don't want to hassle you anymore.
 Oh, my God.  I can't even tell you how much of a relief that is.  I literally call and talk to five different people.  Like last week it went off and I spent an hour and a half on the phone with different people.  And I've been doing that like every, every other week for months now.
 I completely understand.
 Absolutely. And I just don't want that to happen to you anymore.
 Absolutely.  It's a new service we are offering.
 Yeah, accountability.  It's awesome.
 Uh huh Uh huh We want you to be happy.  You're our customer.  You're the most important thing. Okay?
 Wow.  You know I was thinking about changing internet providers, but but that- that really is enough to change my mind.
 Great.  Well, that makes me very happy.  That makes us all happy here at D.S.L. Extreme.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
 No.  I'm just gonna go have a fantastic day now.
 All right.  You have a wonderful day.  Call us anytime.
 Okay.  Thanks.
 All right.  Bye, bye.
 What's he going to say?  Maybe we should tell him before he sees it.
 When?  I was the first one up.  He was still in bed.  How could he have seen it?
 Did you talk to him?
 No.  I figured it was best to leave him alone.
 He cried hard?
 Why should he dream about him, walking around looking for him at night?  Do we contradict him?  Do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore, that we haven't had any hope for years now?
 For Gods sake!  Three years!  Nobody comes back after three years.  That's insane!
 The trouble is the God damn newspapers.  I mean every every week a kid turns up, missing like longer than Larry.
 You know.
 I'm going to ask her to marry me.
 Well, what do you want me to do?  You're old enough to make- to know your own mind.
 Oh, so it isn't just my business?
 You infuriate me sometimes.  Do you know that?  God.
 Isn't it your business, too, if dad -- if I tell dad and he throws a fit about it?  I mean, you have such a talent for ignoring things.
 I ignore what I got to ignore.  I mean, the girl is Larry's girl.
 She is not Larry's girl!
 From your father's point of view he's not dead and she's still his girl.  Now, you can go on from there if you know where to go, Chris, but I don't know.  So what can I do for you?
 Well, you're a considerate fella, there's nothing wrong in that
 To hell with that!
 Have you asked Annie yet?
 Well, what if she feels like your father?  And how do you know she will marry you?
 Well, the trouble is you never saw enough women.
 So what?  I'm not fast with women.
 I've given it three years of thought.  I hoped that if I'd waited, dad would have forgotten about it by now.  And we could have like a normal wedding and everybody happy.
 But if that can't happen, I'll just have to get out.
 I'll get out.  I'll go get married and live someplace else.  I don't know, maybe New York.
 Are you crazy?
 I have been a good son for too long.  A good sucker.  I'm through with it.
 Yes.  On this, I would.
 Well, you help me stay here.
 All right.  But don't think like that.  Because what the hell did we work for, Chris?  I mean, this whole thing, it's all for you.
 Just don't think that way.  Do you hear me?
 What's he going to say?  Maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.
 He was out here when it broke.
 About four this morning.  I heard it crack and I looked out the window and he was standing right there when it cracked.
 I don't know.  But after he saw it, he ran back into the house and started crying in the kitchen.
 No.  I figured it was best to leave him alone.
 Yes, yes he is.  I don't know the meaning in it.  But I know one thing, mom, we made a terrible mistake with Dad.
 Isn't it your business, too, if I tell dad and he throws a fit about it?  You have such a talent for ignoring things.
 She's not Larry's girl.
 what to hell with that!
 Have you asked Annie yet?
 Well, how do you know she'll marry you?  Maybe she feels like your father does.
 The trouble is you don't see enough women.  You never did.
 Well, that's a good reason.  But it don't mean a thing. I mean, You haven't seen her since you went to war.  It's been five years.
 Now, what's going to happen to your father, do you know?  I don't.
 I've given it three years of thought.  I had hoped if I waited, dad would've forgotten him by now and we could have a- a regular wedding and everybody happy.
 But if that can't happen then I'll just get out.
 I'll get out.  I'll go get married someplace else, I- I'll live someplace else, maybe New York.
 Are you crazy?
 The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.
 Must you be inspired?
 Yeah, I'd like one hour a day.  If I have to grub for money all day long, I'd like to go home to something beautiful.  I'd like a family.  I'd like some kids.
 You don't want to think like that.
 Well, I am thinking like that.
 No, you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.
 Why does that bother you?
 Well, maybe maybe he just wanted to see her again.
 Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.
 Why do you think he's even thinking that?
 He's got that about it.
 What's going on here, Joe?
 You above all have got to believe.
 What's that suppose to mean, me above all?  Look at you, you're shaking.
 I can't help it.
 What have I got to hide, Kate?  What the hell is the matter with you?
 You're the only one I know who loves his parents.
 It's all right.  It's a good thing.  It's lovely here.  The air is sweet.
 So, you're not sorry I came?
 Well, your mother, first of all, pretty much told me to leave.
 Well-
 I figured they would, your mother at least.
 Well, from her perspective, I mean, why else would I come here?
 You feel it's wrong here, don't you; this yard, this chair?  I want you to be ready for me, Annie. I- I don't want to win you away from anything.
 Oh, Chris I've been ready for a long time.
 I almost got married two years ago.
 You felt something that far back?
 Everyday since.
 Well, I mean, until then you never wrote and when you did, what did you say?  I mean, you sure can be ambiguous.
 oh, God I kissed Annie.  I kissed Annie. I can't How long have I waited to do that?
 Oh, Annie, we're gonna live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.
 Not like that you're not.
 Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.  What's the matter?
 Lets go for a ride.  I I- I want to be alone with you.
 No, nothing like that.
 Even in your letters there was something ashamed.
 Yeah, I suppose I have been.  But it's going for me.
 You have to tell me.
 I don't I don't know where to start.
 It wouldn't work like this.
 It's so mixed up with so many other things.
 Yeah, sure.
 I lost them.
 How many?
 Just about all.
 It- It takes time to toss something like that off,I mean, because they weren't just men.
 I know it's it's just a little thing but that's just the kind of guys I had.  They didn't die.  They killed themselves for each other.
 I mean that exactly, anymore selfish -- just a little bit more selfish and they would have been here today. And it gave me an idea as I was watching them all go down.
 It was and then I went home.  And it was incredible.  It didn't have any meaning there.
 I felt what you said, ashamed somehow because nobody had changed at all.
 And I guess that included you.
 Do you still feel like that?
 I want you now, Annie.
 Because you can't feel like that anymore, Chris.  Because everything you have, you have a right to, me included.
 Oh, Annie,
 [LAUGHTER] What will I do with a fortune?
 Annie I am going to make you a fortune.
 What time is it?  They're supposed to run around midnight.  Oh, this is great, isn't it?  Look at the night we've got here.  It couldn't be better.  Actually, I wanted to go a little further up the coast you know to get away from all the lights and the people.  I was afraid we might miss it though, so how are you doing?
 Fine.
 What's that? Is that- Wait, is that foam?  I can't even tell.  Oh Actually, I guess if I can't tell then it probably isn't it, is it?  It will probably be unmistakable, don't you think?
 This is great.  How are you doing?  Oh, no.  Oh, do you know what I did?  I forgot the flashlight.  How could I be so stupid?  I forgot the flashlight.
 What flashlight?
 The flashlight.  The silver one.  There's only one, isn't there?  Stupid.
 Oh, no, of course, our flashlight.  Me flashlight is to you flashlight, naturally.
 How could we have forgotten it? Well, I hope the moon stays out.  I wonder, do they always run during a full moon?  I can't remember, was the moon full last year, do you remember?
 Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.  Oh, this is great.  I didn't even think to bring a six pack.  Oh, a six pack would be just the ticket right about now.
 I can't believe I forgot.I'm like a little kid.  I'm surprised I made it out of the house with my fly zipped. Oh, [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, I wonder if they can hear me or if they can feel the vibrations when we move around in the sand. or something
 Do you want my jacket?
 Honey, it's a natural phenomenon.  I mean, this kind of thing only happens once a year.  It's a great opportunity.
 I mean, Think about people in Kansas, they've got to get like you know plane tickets and hotel reservations just to see this.  We're just forty minutes away.  It's just too good of an opportunity to pass up.
 Yeah, but all that time on the beach is the highlight of their little lives.  You know,
 and all that about flopping around, it's like laying eggs or what do you -- spawning or mating or something like that.
 I mean, this is a big night for these guys.  You know, life's last orgy.
 All right.  But they are fish that do something no other fish do.  Like the swallows were turning into Capistrano or Lemmings jumping off the cliffs, you know like that. There's- There's magic here and mystery.  And a little bit of the unexplainable.  You know, I can't see how you could not be interested.
 I'm just not.
 Look there.  What is that?  Is that -- Oh No, that's seaweed.
 Oh, this is great.  I wouldn't miss this for the world. I mean, think about this, I know you're not interested but just think about this for a second;
 somewhere out there is a giant mass of silver fish all swimming in this direction.  They don't know why they're doing it.  We don't know why they're doing it.  They didn't- It wasn't a decision.  No one took a vote.  Nobody sent them an invitation or a map or anything like that.  It was just some internal time release fire cracker that went off. And all as one they turned around and formed this giant line as long as the California coastline and they just started swimming.  They are swimming right now at this very moment.   And And-
 And it's single mindedness with no mind. It- It's urgency, it's pure urge.  I mean, they didn't make any decisions.  They don't ask any questions.  They don't give it a name,
 they just all as one turn around and start swimming to this very point where we are standing now for one last celebration of sex and death. God, it's giving me Goosebumps.  Look at all the hairs that are standing up.
 Well, so what do you think?
 Well, so, what do you think?
 About what?
 What I was just saying.
 It's ridiculous.
 uh, Carla Can I ask you a question?  no, don't get upset, but are you having your period?
 God damn it, Augie.  Seriously, you always ask me that.  Why do you ask me that?  I hate it.  It's so insulting.
 Twice is every time we've tried, that's ever
 No, we won't.  It's like waiting up for Santa Clause or something.  I feel like as though my whole life is going to be standing on the beach waiting with my eyes opened expectantly, my hands clasped neatly in front of me, waiting for fish to show up.  And the fish will not show up.
 I did want to see it.  I always want to see it.  I just- I keep thinking this will be the time and it never is.
 Do you remember the first time that we came to see the grunion?  It was about four years ago right after we got married.  We thought I was pregnant.  We had a bottle of champagne and no glasses.  You asked me to dance.  We took off our shoes.  And while we were dancing you said the most intimate things to me right in my ear so I could feel them as much as hear them.
 And I remember thinking to myself, finally.  I am as happy as I am supposed to be.
 Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.
 It was in the car, right?  When we were passing Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, Let's stop and get champagne. and I said that times a wasting or something like that, right?  You wanted it to be like it was before, right?
 I would rather not remember some things.  I'd rather not hope for something.
 No.
 No.
 No.
 No.
 I just want- I just want things to turn out the way they are supposed to.
 Well, welcome to the human race.  Do you think this is what I had planned?  Do you think that when I proposed that I had this great fantasy going that four years down the road we would end up arguing on the beach over some fish?
 Do you think that I thought there would be times when you would look at me like I was used Kleenex or I would look at you and think, good God, when's the next flight to Alaska?  No.  No, I'm just like you. I thought it would all be like peaches and roses, and sand in our toes, and wind in our hair, and the fish would always come.  And the bills would magically pay themselves.  And we'd have three fat rosy kids.  But, ha ha, baby, the jokes on us!
 Because you know what you get, Carla?  You know what you get?  This.
 But this isn't at all what I wanted it to be.
 Now, I know.  Me either
 This is just this.  I mean, it's a lot and everything.  But it's not, you know, something else.  Am I making any sense?
 I'm trying the best I can.
 I know that, Augie.  I do.  I know that. And and I know that this meant a lot to you and and it's special, you know, with the sand and the moon but.
 But I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.
 Maybe if you're with somebody else, too?
 I didn't say that.
 No, I know.  But I know I don't make you happy.
 For heavens sake, Augie, whatever I am doing, I'd rather it be with you.
 Yes.  Don't you know that? I mean, You're probably the one you wishes you were with somebody else, somebody who didn't take everything so hard and who knew how to enjoy herself.
 Actually, now that you mention it, no.  I don't.
 I don't know.  I think this is a pretty good spot.  I mean, look at the view of the moon from here.
 Yes, I did notice that.  It does look really beautiful over the water.  Big old white moon.
 Oh, well look what we've got here.
 Well, it isn't champagne.
 No.  I'm beginning to think you might be right. I think  this might be the spot after all.  Augie, I'm sorry.
 Or not.
 Or not.
 I wonder.
 what, Nobody knows we are here except Freda and she wouldn't ring up.
 What do we do?
 We're all right, aren't we, darling, whatever happens?
 Now and always, my sweet.
 I don't care then.
 It was bound to happen sooner or later.
 Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.
 Oh, what shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us.
 With the worst- with the most perfect poise?
 Uhh, It's amazing how once you feel--
 things that ought to matter most dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy, do they?
 Uhh, You mustn't say that, my darling.
 Being that sacred and wonderful thing, love.
 Um What does it all mean?  That's what I ask myself in my endless quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God, what does it all mean?
 Don't laugh at me.  I'm serious.
 You mustn't be serious, darling.  That's just what they want.
 Who's they?
 All the futile mortals who try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them, Be flippant.  Laugh at everything, all their sacred shibboleths.
 uh- the- Being flippant brings out the acid in their damned beauty and light.
 If I laugh at everything, then I must laugh at us too.
 Certainly you must.  We are figures of fun all right.
 Well, will we always bicker and fight?
 No.  That fire will fade along with our passion.
 What if one of us dies, does the other one laugh then?
 Yes, yes, with all his might.
 No, no that is quit laughable.  The cutting little mystery all done with mirrors.
 So is everyone else in the long run.  Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as long as we can, like little quiet idiotic school children.
 [garbage] Darling, kiss me before your body rots and worms start popping in and out of your eye sockets.
 Elliott, worms don't pop.
 I don't care what you do.  See, you could paint your body bright green and and run naked through the Place Vendome and run with every man in the world and I shan't say a word.  As long as I know that you love me best.
 Do you remember that awful scene we had in Venice?
 The one where you bought that little painted wooden stake and you put it on my bed.
 Horrible thing.  I hated it.
 I know you did.  You threw it out the window into the Canal below.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.
 How long did that roue last?
 Oh, The worst one was in Cannes when your curling iron burnt a hole in my new dressing gown?
 Oh, It burnt my comb and all the towels in the bathroom.
 [LAUGHTER] That was quit a rouser, wasn't it?
 Oh, I didn't hit you very hard.
 I should never forget his face. [LAUGHTER]
 We were very much younger then.
 You knew there was nothing in that.
 Only a trivial little broach.
 Not at all.  I quite like it.  I wear it often.
 Oh, maybe a little.  Nothing serious.
 Well, what of it.
 Well it gave him a lot of pleasure and it didn't hurt me.
 Well, that's a nice point of view I must say.
 Me, too, bored stiff.
 Do you want some brandy?
 No thanks.
 I think I'll have a little.
 It's becoming a habit with you.
 Amanda, really.
 Just making myself fascinating for you.
 No, it isn't.
 No, it it is not, be quiet.
 It's a pity you didn't have a little bit more brandy.  It might have made you a little less disagreeable.
 They snap.
 So, did you see much of Peter Burden after the divorce?
 Yes, I did quite a lot.
 You must have let him kiss you quite a good deal more then, huh?
 I'm sure you had a riotous time, no restrain at all, very enjoyable.  You never had much anyway.
 I am not the slightest bit drunk.
 You always had a weak head.
 I do believe that I have said already that I had three minuet liquor glasses of brandy in the entire evening.  A child of two couldn't get drunk of that.
 Oh, really?  How about a child of three, or child of six, what about a child of nine?
 Not- Would you shut up.
 You know, we could get a really good debate going on about this.  You know intemperate tots.
 You know what?  That's a very good idea.  I think I will.
 You better turn that off, I think.
 Because it's very late and you'll disturb the people upstairs.
 Well, there are people downstairs, I suppose.
 This is no time of the year for Tunis.
 I do I shall do no such thing.
 Very well.  If you have to be boorish and idiotic.
 Turn it off.  It's driving me mad.
 You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.
 Turn it off!
 Go away!  Go away!  I- I hate you.
 Very amusing indeed.
 You know what, I'm sick and tire of listening to you.  You're a-- You're a total sadistic bully.
 Ja! Very funny.
 Stop.  Would you just go away?  I mean, you're conceited, and overbearing, and utterly impossible.
 You are a vile tempered, wicked living, evil little beast.  And I hope I never set eyes on you ever again.
 This is the end! Do you understand me? This is the end.
 Oh, you're not going like this.
 Yes, I am. Let go with me
 [GARBAGE] No, you're not.
 You are a cruel fiend and I-I loath you.  I thank God I realized who you are before I decided to marry you again.  Oh my God, never!
 oh! Marry you again? I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling to me on bended knee.
 Beast
 You're a wicked little vampire.  And I pray to God I never set eyes on you again as long as I live.
 Brute
 pig